Anthony_Wagner	Sir Anthony Richard Wagner , KCB , KCVO , FSA ( 6 September 1908 - 5 May 1995 ) was a long-serving officer of arms at the College of Arms in London .
Anthony_Wagner	He served as Garter Principal King of Arms before retiring to the post of Clarenceux King of Arms .
Anthony_Wagner	He was one of the most prolific authors on subjects of the heraldry and genealogy of the 20th century .
Anthony_Wagner	Wagner was born to a family of German Silesian origin ( see Burke 's `` Landed Gentry '' ) .
Anthony_Wagner	His ancestor , Melchior Wagner , arrived in England from the Saxon city of Coburg in 1709 and became hatter to George I of Great Britain .
Anthony_Wagner	At an early age Wagner developed a taste for genealogy , and invented an imaginary realm which he could people to taste .
Anthony_Wagner	His father ran a day-school in London .
Anthony_Wagner	Scholarships took Wagner to Eton College and then to Balliol College at Oxford .
Anthony_Wagner	Eventually he entered the College of Arms as Portcullis Pursuivant of Arms in Ordinary in 1931 .
Anthony_Wagner	Wagner did not marry until he was 44 , but in 1953 made a happy alliance with Gillian , daughter of Major H.A.R. Graham .
Anthony_Wagner	In addition to taking over his father 's house in Chelsea Square they acquired a country cottage at Aldeburgh , Suffolk .
Anthony_Wagner	He was survived by two sons , one of whom is a distinguished artist , and a daughter .
Anthony_Wagner	After Sir Anthony 's death in 1995 , he was buried at Aldeburgh following a funeral service at the Church of St Benet Paul 's Wharf , which has been the religious home of the College of Arms since 1555 .
Anthony_Wagner	Wagner joined the College of Arms as Portcullis Pursuivant of Arms in Ordinary in 1931 .
Anthony_Wagner	He was promoted to Richmond Herald of Arms in Ordinary in 1943 and Garter Principal King of Arms in 1961 .
Anthony_Wagner	In 1978 he retired to the subordinate position of Clarenceux King of Arms .
Anthony_Wagner	He was a firm believer in the view that appointments to the college were for life .
Anthony_Wagner	As a herald he enjoyed a very large practice and was able to train up a number of skilled and well-qualified assistants who later became officers of arms .
Anthony_Wagner	His professional library was enormous , but he was also able to build up an important collection of early heraldic manuscripts from the Clumber and other sales .
Anthony_Wagner	During World War II he served in the War Office for four years , and then moved to the Ministry of Town and Country Planning , where he rose to be Principal Private Secretary to a series of ministers .
Anthony_Wagner	Although he contemplated remaining in the Ministry , he returned to the College of Arms in 1946 and took over the extensive practice of Alfred Butler , Windsor Herald .
Anthony_Wagner	One idea , which he pursued persistently , was the establishment of a museum in which to display the treasures of the College of Arms itself .
Anthony_Wagner	Initially it was hoped to erect a building adjacent to the college , and a most interesting design was commissioned from Raymond Erith ; this became impossible because of the increasing financial demands of repairs to the college itself .
Anthony_Wagner	For it has to be remembered that the Heralds , as a body corporate , receive no subvention from any national source ; their own stipends were fixed in the 17th century and have not been raised since .
Anthony_Wagner	But in 1981 the Heralds ' Museum was at last opened in part of the Tower of London .
Anthony_Wagner	To those who wish to gain some idea of the resources of the college , Wagner 's own Records and Collections of the College of Arms ( 1952 ) is an invaluable short guide .
Anthony_Wagner	Wagner continued to visit the College of Arms and attend meetings of its chapter .
Anthony_Wagner	With his departure the world of heraldry and genealogy lost a scholar of majestic stature , though his numerous works keep his memory alive .
Anthony_Wagner	Wagner had many interests outside the world and work of the College of Arms .
Anthony_Wagner	He belonged to the Vintners ' Company , serving as Master from 1973 to 1974 , and was a member of a number of important dining clubs including the Society of Dilettanti , the antiquarian Cocked Hats , and the bibliophilic Roxburghe Club .
Anthony_Wagner	A number of large projects engaged his attention and enthusiasm .
Anthony_Wagner	One , which arose from the Harleian Society , was an endeavor to list and describe the surviving English Rolls of Arms : to this series ( CEMRA ) Wagner contributed the first volume .
Anthony_Wagner	Another project , connected with the Society of Antiquaries of London , was a revised edition of the Ordinary of Arms originally produced by Papworth .
Anthony_Wagner	The first volume appeared in 1992 .
Anthony_Wagner	It is fair to say that through his life genealogy occupied the foremost place in Wagner 's affections , but his earliest publications made highly important contributions to the study of heraldry .
Anthony_Wagner	Issues of State Ceremonial took third priority .
Anthony_Wagner	His Historic Heraldry of England ( 1939 ) derived initially from an exhibition of panels in America , but drew a stern and scholarly line between those great men who were truly armigerous and those who were not .
Anthony_Wagner	On the other hand , his Heralds and Heraldry in the Middle Ages ( also 1939 ) shed new light on the development of the functions of the earliest officers of arms .
Anthony_Wagner	Many years later he traced the whole story of the College of Arms in a massive volume entitled Heralds of England ( 1967 ) .
Anthony_Wagner	Of all Wagner 's genealogical writings , his English Genealogy ( 1960 , and since revised ) is standard reference in any well-stocked public library and on many private shelves .
Anthony_Wagner	Many of his conclusions were rehearsed and reinforced in Pedigree and Progress ( 1975 ) , where an important group of essays is annotated and brought up to date .
Anthony_Wagner	Always he stressed the mobility of social life and class in the course of English history , and in maintaining this view ran contrary to the opinions of some professional English historians .
Anthony_Wagner	His office had been highly mechanised from an early stage , but all the more so once he became blind in 1984 , whereupon , making every use of the aids of modern science , he bore his affliction with patience and dexterity .
Anthony_Wagner	His autobiography , A Herald 's Way ( 1988 ) he dictated .
Anthony_Wagner	He was also a staunch supporter of hereditary peers and defended their presence in the House of Lords in an article in the Times on 30 January 1969 which became the foreword to the 1970 edition of Burke 's Peerage .
AAC	Advanced Audio Coding ( AAC ) is a standardized , lossy compression and encoding scheme for digital audio .
AAC	Designed to be the successor of the MP3 format , AAC generally achieves better sound quality than MP3 at similar bit rates .
AAC	AAC has been standardized by ISO and IEC , as part of the MPEG-2 and MPEG-4 specifications .
AAC	Part of the AAC known as High-Efficiency Advanced Audio Coding ( HE-AAC ) which is part of MPEG-4 Audio is also adopted into digital radio standards like DAB + and Digital Radio Mondiale , as well as mobile television standards DVB-H and ATSC-M\/H .
AAC	AAC supports inclusion of 48 full-bandwidth ( up to 96 kHz ) audio channels in one stream plus 16 low frequency effects ( LFE , limited to 120 Hz ) channels , up to 16 `` coupling '' or dialog channels , and up to 16 data streams .
AAC	The quality for stereo is satisfactory to modest requirements at 96 kbit\/s in joint stereo mode ; however , hi-fi transparency demands data rates of at least 128 kbit\/s ( VBR ) .
AAC	The MPEG-2 audio tests showed that AAC meets the requirements referred to as `` transparent '' for the ITU at 128 kbit\/s for stereo , and 320 kbit\/s for 5.1 audio .
AAC	AAC is also the default or standard audio format for YouTube , iPhone , iPod , iPad , Nintendo DSi , iTunes , DivX Plus Web Player and PlayStation 3 .
AAC	It is supported on PlayStation Portable , Wii ( with the Photo Channel 1.1 update installed ) , Sony Walkman MP3 series and later , Sony Ericsson ; Nokia , Android , BlackBerry , and webOS-based mobile phones , with the use of a converter .
AAC	AAC has also seen some adoption on in-dash car audio especially on high-end units such as the Pioneer AVIC series .
AAC	AAC was developed with the cooperation and contributions of companies including AT&T Bell Laboratories , Fraunhofer IIS , Dolby Laboratories , Sony Corporation and Nokia .
AAC	It was officially declared an international standard by the Moving Picture Experts Group in April 1997 .
AAC	It is specified both as Part 7 of the MPEG-2 standard , and Subpart 4 in Part 3 of the MPEG-4 standard .
AAC	In 1997 , AAC was first introduced as MPEG-2 Part 7 , formally known as ISO\/IEC 13818-7 :1997 .
AAC	This part of MPEG-2 was a new part , since MPEG-2 already included MPEG-2 Part 3 , formally known as ISO\/IEC 13818-3 : MPEG-2 BC ( Backwards Compatible ) .
AAC	Therefore , MPEG-2 Part 7 is also known as MPEG-2 NBC ( Non-Backward Compatible ) , because it is not compatible with the MPEG-1 audio formats ( MP1 , MP2 and MP3 ) .
AAC	MPEG-2 Part 7 defined three profiles : Low-Complexity profile ( AAC-LC \/ LC-AAC ) , Main profile ( AAC Main ) and Scalable Sampling Rate profile ( AAC-SSR ) .
AAC	AAC-LC profile consists of a base format very much like AT&T 's Perceptual Audio Coding ( PAC ) coding format , with the addition of temporal noise shaping ( TNS ) , the Dolby Kaiser Window ( described below ) , a nonuniform quantizer , and a reworking of the bitstream format to handle up to 16 stereo channels , 16 mono channels , 16 low-frequency effect ( LFE ) channels and 16 commentary channels in one bitstream .
AAC	The Main profile adds a set of recursive predictors that are calculated on each tap of the filterbank .
AAC	The SSR uses a 4-band PQMF filterbank , with four shorter filterbanks following , in order to allow for scalable sampling rates .
AAC	In 1999 , MPEG-2 Part 7 was updated and included in the MPEG-4 family of standard and became known as MPEG-4 Part 3 , MPEG-4 Audio or ISO\/IEC 14496-3 :1999 .
AAC	This update included several improvements .
AAC	One of these improvements was the addition of Audio Object Types which are used to allow interoperability with a diverse range of other audio formats such as TwinVQ , CELP , HVXC , Text-To-Speech Interface and MPEG-4 Structured Audio .
AAC	Another notable addition in this version of the AAC standard is Perceptual Noise Substitution ( PNS ) .
AAC	In that regard , the AAC profiles ( AAC-LC , AAC Main and AAC-SSR profiles ) are combined with perceptual noise substitution and are defined in the MPEG-4 audio standard as Audio Object Types .
AAC	MPEG-4 Audio Object Types are combined in four MPEG-4 Audio profiles : Main ( which includes most of the MPEG-4 Audio Object Types ) , Scalable ( AAC LC , AAC LTP , CELP , HVXC , TwinVQ , Wavetable Synthesis , TTSI ) , Speech ( CELP , HVXC , TTSI ) and Low Rate Synthesis ( Wavetable Synthesis , TTSI ) .
AAC	The reference software for MPEG-4 Part 3 is specified in MPEG-4 Part 5 and the conformance bit-streams are specified in MPEG-4 Part 4 .
AAC	MPEG-4 Audio remains backward-compatible with MPEG-2 Part 7 .
AAC	The MPEG-4 Audio Version 2 ( ISO\/IEC 14496-3 :1999 \/ Amd 1:2000 ) defined new audio object types : the low delay AAC ( AAC-LD ) object type , bit-sliced arithmetic coding ( BSAC ) object type , parametric audio coding using harmonic and individual line plus noise and error resilient ( ER ) versions of object types .
AAC	It also defined four new audio profiles : High Quality Audio Profile , Low Delay Audio Profile , Natural Audio Profile and Mobile Audio Internetworking Profile .
AAC	The HE-AAC Profile ( AAC LC with SBR ) and AAC Profile ( AAC LC ) were first standardized in ISO\/IEC 14496-3 :2001 \/ Amd 1:2003 .
AAC	The HE-AAC v2 Profile ( AAC LC with SBR and Parametric Stereo ) was first specified in ISO\/IEC 14496-3 :2005 \/ Amd 2:2006 .
AAC	The Parametric Stereo audio object type used in HE-AAC v2 was first defined in ISO\/IEC 14496-3 :2001 \/ Amd 2:2004 .
AAC	The current version of the AAC standard is defined in ISO\/IEC 14496-3 :2009 .
AAC	AAC + v2 is also standardized by ETSI ( European Telecommunications Standards Institute ) as TS 102005 .
AAC	The MPEG-4 Part 3 standard also contains other ways of compressing sound .
AAC	These include lossless compression formats , synthetic audio and low bit-rate compression formats generally used for speech .
AAC	Advanced Audio Coding is designed to be the successor of the MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3 , known as MP3 format , which was specified by ISO\/IEC in 11172-3 ( MPEG-1 Audio ) and 13818-3 ( MPEG-2 Audio ) .
AAC	Blind tests show that AAC demonstrates greater sound quality and transparency than MP3 for files coded at the same bit rate .
AAC	Improvements include : More sample frequencies ( from 8 to 96 kHz ) than MP3 ( 16 to 48 kHz ) Up to 48 channels ( MP3 supports up to two channels in MPEG-1 mode and up to 5.1 channels in MPEG-2 mode ) Arbitrary bit-rates and variable frame length .
AAC	Standardized constant bit rate with bit reservoir .
AAC	Higher efficiency and simpler filterbank ( rather than MP3 's hybrid coding , AAC uses a pure MDCT ) Higher coding efficiency for stationary signals ( AAC uses a blocksize of 1024 or 960 samples , allowing more efficient coding than MP3 's 576 sample blocks ) Higher coding accuracy for transient signals ( AAC uses a blocksize of 128 or 120 samples , allowing more accurate coding than MP3 's 192 sample blocks ) Can use Kaiser-Bessel derived window function to eliminate spectral leakage at the expense of widening the main lobe .
AAC	Much better handling of audio frequencies above 16 kHz .
AAC	More flexible joint stereo ( different methods can be used in different frequency ranges ) Adds additional modules ( tools ) to increase compression efficiency : TNS , Backwards Prediction , PNS etc. .
AAC	.
AAC	These modules can be combined to constitute different encoding profiles .
AAC	Overall , the AAC format allows developers more flexibility to design codecs than MP3 does , and corrects many of the design choices made in the original MPEG-1 audio specification .
AAC	This increased flexibility often leads to more concurrent encoding strategies and , as a result , to more efficient compression .
AAC	However , in terms of whether AAC is better than MP3 , the advantages of AAC are not entirely decisive , and the MP3 specification , although antiquated , has proven surprisingly robust in spite of considerable flaws .
AAC	AAC and HE-AAC are better than MP3 at low bit rates ( typically less than 128 kilobits per second ) .
AAC	This is especially true at very low bit rates where the superior stereo coding , pure MDCT , and better transform window sizes leave MP3 unable to compete .
AAC	While the MP3 format has near-universal hardware and software support , primarily due to MP3 being the format of choice during the crucial first few years of widespread music file-sharing\/distribution over the internet , AAC is a strong contender due to some unwavering industry support .
AAC	AAC takes a modular approach to encoding .
AAC	Depending on the complexity of the bitstream to be encoded , the desired performance and the acceptable output , implementers may create profiles to define which of a specific set of tools they want to use for a particular application .
AAC	The MPEG-2 Part 7 standard ( Advanced Audio Coding ) was first published in 1997 and offers three default profiles : Low Complexity ( LC ) - the simplest and most widely used and supported ; Main Profile ( Main ) - like the LC profile , with the addition of backwards prediction ; Scalable Sample Rate ( SSR ) ( MPEG-4 AAC-SSR ) - a.k.a. Sample-Rate Scalable ( SRS ) ; The MPEG-4 Part 3 standard ( MPEG-4 Audio ) defined various new compression tools ( a.k.a. Audio Object Types ) and their usage in brand new profiles .
AAC	AAC is not used in some of the MPEG-4 Audio profiles .
AAC	The MPEG-2 Part 7 AAC LC profile , AAC Main profile and AAC SSR profile are combined with Perceptual Noise Substitution and defined in the MPEG-4 Audio standard as Audio Object Types ( under the name AAC LC , AAC Main and AAC SSR ) .
AAC	These are combined with other Object Types in MPEG-4 Audio profiles .
AAC	Here is a list of some audio profiles defined in the MPEG-4 standard : Main Audio Profile - defined in 1999 , uses most of the MPEG-4 Audio Object Types ( AAC Main , AAC-LC , AAC-SSR , AAC-LTP , AAC Scalable , TwinVQ , CELP , HVXC , TTSI , Main synthesis ) Scalable Audio Profile - defined in 1999 , uses AAC-LC , AAC-LTP , AAC Scalable , TwinVQ , CELP , HVXC , TTSI .
AAC	Speech Audio Profile - defined in 1999 , uses CELP , HVXC , TTSI .
AAC	Synthetic Audio Profile - defined in 1999 , TTSI , Main synthesis .
AAC	High Quality Audio Profile - defined in 2000 , uses AAC-LC , AAC-LTP , AAC Scalable , CELP , ER-AAC-LC , ER-AAC-LTP , ER-AAC Scalable , ER-CELP .
AAC	Low Delay Audio Profile - defined in 2000 , uses CELP , HVXC , TTSI , ER-AAC-LD , ER-CELP , ER-HVXC .
AAC	Mobile Audio Internetworking Profile - defined in 2000 , uses ER-AAC-LC , ER-AAC-Scalable , ER-TwinVQ , ER-BSAC , ER-AAC-LD .
AAC	AAC Profile - defined in 2003 , uses AAC-LC .
AAC	High Efficiency AAC Profile - defined in 2003 , uses AAC-LC , SBR .
AAC	High Efficiency AAC v2 Profile - defined in 2006 , uses AAC-LC , SBR , PS .
AAC	( One of many improvements in MPEG-4 Audio is the Object Type - Long Term Prediction ( LTP ) , which is an improvement of the Main profile using a forward predictor with lower computational complexity . )
AAC	Depending on the AAC profile and the MP3 encoder , 96 kbit\/s AAC can give nearly the same or better perceptual quality as 128 kbit\/s MP3 .
AAC	Applying error protection enables error correction up to a certain extent .
AAC	Error correcting codes are usually applied equally to the whole payload .
AAC	However , since different parts of an AAC payload show different sensitivity to transmission errors , this would not be a very efficient approach .
AAC	The AAC payload can be subdivided into parts with different error sensitivities .
AAC	Independent error correcting codes can be applied to any of these parts using the Error Protection ( EP ) tool defined in MPEG-4 Audio standard .
AAC	This toolkit provides the error correcting capability to the most sensitive parts of the payload in order to keep the additional overhead low .
AAC	The toolkit is backwardly compatible with simpler and pre-existing AAC decoders .
AAC	A great deal of the tool kit 's error correction functions are based around spreading information about the audio signal more evenly in the datastream .
AAC	Error Resilience ( ER ) techniques can be used to make the coding scheme itself more robust against errors .
AAC	For AAC , three custom-tailored methods were developed and defined in MPEG-4 Audio .
AAC	Huffman Codeword Reordering ( HCR ) to avoid error propagation within spectral data ; Virtual Codebooks ( VCB11 ) to detect serious errors within spectral data ; Reversible Variable Length Code ( RVLC ) to reduce error propagation within scale factor data .
AAC	The MPEG-4 Low Delay Audio Coder ( AAC-LD ) is designed to combine the advantages of perceptual audio coding with the low delay necessary for two-way communication .
AAC	It is closely derived from the MPEG-2 Advanced Audio Coding ( AAC ) format .
AAC	In December 2003 , Japan started broadcasting terrestrial DTV ISDB-T standard that implements MPEG-2 video and MPEG-2 AAC audio .
AAC	In April 2006 Japan started broadcasting the ISDB-T mobile sub-program , called 1seg , that was the first implementation of video H. 264\/AVC with audio HE-AAC in Terrestrial HDTV broadcasting service on the planet .
AAC	In December 2007 , Brazil started broadcasting terrestrial DTV standard called International ISDB-Tb that implements video coding H. 264\/AVC with audio AAC-LC on main program ( single or multi ) and video H. 264\/AVC with audio HE-AACv2 in the 1seg mobile sub-program .
AAC	The ETSI , the standards governing body for the DVB suite , supports AAC , HE-AAC and HE-AAC v2 audio coding in DVB applications since at least 2004 .
AAC	DVB broadcasts which use the H. 264 compression for video normally use HE-AAC for audio .
AAC	In April 2003 , Apple brought mainstream attention to AAC by announcing that its iTunes and iPod products would support songs in MPEG-4 AAC format ( via a firmware update for older iPods ) .
AAC	Customers could download music in a closed-source Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) - restricted form of AAC ( see FairPlay ) via the iTunes Store or create files without DRM from their own CDs using iTunes .
AAC	In later years , Apple began offering music videos and movies , which also use AAC for audio encoding .
AAC	On May 29 , 2007 , Apple began selling songs and music videos free of DRM from participating record labels .
AAC	These files mostly adhere to the AAC standard and are playable on many non-Apple products but they do include custom iTunes information such as album artwork and a purchase receipt , so as to identify the customer in case the file is leaked out onto peer-to-peer networks .
AAC	It is possible , however , to remove these custom tags to restore interoperability with players that conform strictly to the AAC specification .
AAC	As of January 6 , 2009 , nearly all music on the iTunes Store became DRM-free , with the remainder becoming DRM-free by the end of March 2009 .
AAC	iTunes supports a `` Variable bit rate '' ( VBR ) encoding option which encodes AAC tracks in an `` Average bit rate '' ( ABR ) scheme .
AAC	As of September 2009 , Apple has added support for HE-AAC ( which is fully part of the MP4 standard ) only for radio streams , not file playback , and iTunes still lacks support for true VBR encoding .
AAC	The underlying QuickTime API does offer a true VBR encoding profile however .
AAC	For a number of years , many mobile phones from manufacturers such as Nokia , Motorola , Samsung , Sony Ericsson , BenQ-Siemens and Philips have supported AAC playback .
AAC	The first such phone was the Nokia 5510 released in 2002 which also plays MP3s .
AAC	However , this phone was a commercial failure and such phones with integrated music players did not gain mainstream popularity until 2005 when the trend of having AAC as well as MP3 support continued .
AAC	Most new smartphones and music-themed phones support playback of these formats .
AAC	Sony Ericsson phones support various AAC formats in MP4 container .
AAC	AAC-LC is supported in all phones beginning with K700 , phones beginning with W550 have support of HE-AAC .
AAC	The latest devices such as the P990 , K610 , W890i and later support HE-AAC v2 .
AAC	Nokia XpressMusic and other new generation Nokia multimedia phones like N - and E-Series : also support AAC format in LC , HE , M4A and HEv2 profiles .
AAC	BlackBerry : RIM 's latest series of Smartphones such as the 8100 ( `` Pearl '' ) , 9500 ( `` Storm '' ) and 8800 support AAC .
AAC	Apple 's iPhone supports AAC and FairPlay protected AAC files formerly used as the default encoding format in the iTunes store until the removal of DRM restrictions in March 2009 .
AAC	All recent Android phones support AAC-LC , HE-AAC and HE-AAC v2 in MP4 or M4A containers along with several other audio formats .
AAC	From Android 3.1 also raw ADTS files are supported .
AAC	Android 4.0 can also encode these kind of files .
AAC	The HTC Dream ( Also known as the T-Mobile G1 ) is described as supporting certain subset of the full AAC format .
AAC	As of 2009-04-13 at least several forms of AAC files played while others did not play .
AAC	WebOS by HP\/Palm supports AAC , AAC + , eAAC + , and .
AAC	m4a containers in its native music player as well as several third-party players .
AAC	However , it does not support Apple 's FairPlay DRM files downloaded from iTunes .
AAC	Windows Phone 7 : WP7 's Silverlight runtime supports AAC-LC , HE-AAC and HE-AAC v2 decoding .
AAC	A very common program supporting AAC playback is Flash Player , version 9 , update 3 and above .
AAC	Since Flash Player is also a browser plugin , it can play AAC files through a browser as well .
AAC	The Rockbox open source firmware ( available for multiple portable players ) also offers support for AAC to varying degrees , depending on the model of player and the AAC profile .
AAC	Optional iPod support ( playback of unprotected AAC files ) for the Xbox 360 is available as a free download from Xbox Live .
AAC	Almost all current computer media players include built-in decoders for AAC , or can utilize a library to decode it .
AAC	On Microsoft Windows , DirectShow can be used this way with the corresponding filters to enable AAC playback in any DirectShow based player .
AAC	Mac OS X supports AAC via the QuickTime libraries .
AAC	Software player applications of particular note include : 3ivx MPEG-4 - A suite of DirectShow and QuickTime plugins which support AAC encoding and\/or AAC \/ HE-AAC decoding in any DirectShow application .
AAC	CorePlayer also supports LC and HE AAC .
AAC	Easy CD-DA Extractor for Windows , CD Ripper and audio converter , which includes an AAC encoder that supports LC and HE AAC .
AAC	ffdshow is a free open source DirectShow filter for Microsoft Windows operating systems that uses FAAD2 to support AAC decoding .
AAC	foobar2000 is a freeware audio player for Windows that supports LC and HE AAC .
AAC	JAAD is an open-source decoder written in Java .
AAC	K-Multimedia Player also supports AAC .
AAC	KSP Sound Player also supports AAC .
AAC	MediaMonkey .
AAC	Media Player Classic Home Cinema .
AAC	MPlayer or xine are often used as AAC decoders on Linux or Macintosh .
AAC	RealPlayer includes RealNetworks ' RealAudio 10 AAC encoder .
AAC	Songbird for Windows , Linux and Mac OS X supports AAC , including the DRM rights management encoding used for purchased music from the iTunes Store , with a plug-in .
AAC	Sony SonicStage also support AAC .
AAC	VLC media player supports playback and encoding of MP4 and AAC files .
AAC	Winamp for Windows , which includes an AAC encoder that supports LC and HE AAC ; Windows Media Player 12 , released with Windows 7 , supports playback of AAC files natively .
AAC	Another Real product , Rhapsody supports the RealAudio AAC codec , in addition to offering subscription tracks encoded with AAC .
AAC	XBMC ( XBox Media Center ) supports both AAC ( LC and HE ) on modified Xbox game-consoles .
AAC	XMMS supports mp4 playback using a plugin provided by the faad2 library .
AAC	Some of these players ( e.g. , foobar2000 , Winamp , and VLC ) also support the decoding of ADTS ( Audio Data Transport Stream ) or MP4-contained AAC streamed over HTTP using the SHOUTcast protocol .
AAC	Plug-ins for Winamp and foobar2000 enable the creation of such streams .
AAC	In May 2006 , Nero AG released an AAC encoding tool free of charge , Nero Digital Audio ( Nero AAC Codec ) , which is capable of encoding LC-AAC , HE-AAC and HE-AAC v2 streams .
AAC	The tool is a Command Line Interface tool only .
AAC	A separate utility is also included to decode to PCM WAV .
AAC	Various tools including the foobar2000 audio player , MediaCoder , MeGUI encoding front end and dBpoweramp can provide a GUI for this encoder .
AAC	FAAC and FAAD2 stand for Freeware Advanced Audio Coder and Decoder 2 respectively .
AAC	FAAC supports audio object types LC , Main and LTP .
AAC	FAAD2 supports audio object types LC , Main , LTP , SBR and PS .
AAC	Although FAAD2 is free software , FAAC is not free software .
AAC	FFmpeg 's libavcodec library contains free software codecs for both encoding and decoding AAC ( encoding is experimental ) .
Absolute_zero	Absolute zero is the theoretical temperature at which entropy reaches its minimum value .
Absolute_zero	The laws of thermodynamics state that absolute zero can not be reached using only thermodynamic means .
Absolute_zero	A system at absolute zero still possesses quantum mechanical zero-point energy , the energy of its ground state .
Absolute_zero	The kinetic energy of the ground state can not be removed .
Absolute_zero	However , in the classical interpretation it is zero and the thermal energy of matter vanishes .
Absolute_zero	The zero point of any thermodynamic temperature scale , such as Kelvin or Rankine , is set at absolute zero .
Absolute_zero	By international agreement , absolute zero is defined as 0K on the Kelvin scale and as − 273.15 ° on the Celsius scale .
Absolute_zero	This equates to − 459.67 ° on the Fahrenheit scale and 0 R on the Rankine scale .
Absolute_zero	Scientists have achieved temperatures very close to absolute zero , where matter exhibits quantum effects such as superconductivity and superfluidity .
Absolute_zero	One of the first to discuss the possibility of an absolute minimal temperature was Robert Boyle .
Absolute_zero	His 1665 New Experiments and Observations touching Cold , articulated the dispute known as the primum frigidum .
Absolute_zero	The concept was well known among naturalists of the time .
Absolute_zero	Some contended an absolute minimum temperature occurred within earth ( as one of the four so-called `` elements '' ) , others within water , others air , and some more recently within nitre .
Absolute_zero	But all of them seemed to agree that , `` There is some body or other that is of its own nature supremely cold and by participation of which all other bodies obtain that quality . ''
Absolute_zero	The question whether there is a limit to the degree of cold possible , and , if so , where the zero must be placed , was first addressed by the French physicist Guillaume Amontons in 1702 , in connection with his improvements in the air thermometer .
Absolute_zero	In his instrument , temperatures were indicated by the height at which a column of mercury was sustained by a certain mass of air , the volume , or `` spring '' , of which varied with the heat to which it was exposed .
Absolute_zero	Amontons therefore argued that the zero of his thermometer would be that temperature at which the spring of the air in it was reduced to nothing .
Absolute_zero	On the scale he used , the boiling-point of water was marked at +73 and the melting-point of ice at 51 , so that the zero of his scale was equivalent to about − 240 on the Celsius scale .
Absolute_zero	This close approximation to the modern value of − 273.15 ° C for the zero of the air-thermometer was further improved upon in 1779 by Johann Heinrich Lambert , who observed that − 270 ° C might be regarded as absolute cold .
Absolute_zero	Values of this order for the absolute zero were not , however , universally accepted about this period .
Absolute_zero	Pierre-Simon Laplace and Antoine Lavoisier , in their 1780 treatise on heat , arrived at values ranging from 1,500 to 3,000 below the freezing-point of water , and thought that in any case it must be at least 600 below .
Absolute_zero	John Dalton in his Chemical Philosophy gave ten calculations of this value , and finally adopted − 3000 ° C as the natural zero of temperature .
Absolute_zero	After James Prescott Joule had determined the mechanical equivalent of heat , Lord Kelvin approached the question from an entirely different point of view , and in 1848 devised a scale of absolute temperature which was independent of the properties of any particular substance and was based solely on the fundamental laws of thermodynamics .
Absolute_zero	It followed from the principles on which this scale was constructed that its zero was placed at − 273.15 ° C , at almost precisely the same point as the zero of the air-thermometer .
Accent	In linguistics , an accent is a manner of pronunciation peculiar to a particular individual , location , or nation .
Accent	An accent may identify the locality in which its speakers reside ( a geographical or regional accent ) , the socio-economic status of its speakers , their ethnicity , their caste or social class , their first language ( when the language in which the accent is heard is not their native language ) , and so on .
Accent	Accents typically differ in quality of voice , pronunciation of vowels and consonants , stress , and prosody .
Accent	Although grammar , semantics , vocabulary , and other language characteristics often vary concurrently with accent , the word ` accent ' refers specifically to the differences in pronunciation , whereas the word ` dialect ' encompasses the broader set of linguistic differences .
Accent	Often ` accent ' is a subset of ` dialect ' .
Accent	As human beings spread out into isolated communities , stresses and peculiarities develop .
Accent	Over time these can develop into identifiable accents .
Accent	In North America , the interaction of people from many ethnic backgrounds contributed to the formation of the different varieties of North American accents .
Accent	It is difficult to measure or predict how long it takes an accent to formulate .
Accent	Accents in the USA , Canada and Australia , for example , developed from the combinations of different accents and languages in various societies , and the effect of this on the various pronunciations of the British settlers , yet North American accents remain more distant , either as a result of time or of external or `` foreign '' linguistic interaction , such as the Italian accent .
Accent	In many cases , the accents of non-English settlers from the British Isles affected the accents of the different colonies quite differently .
Accent	Irish , Scottish and Welsh immigrants had accents which greatly affected the vowel pronunciation of certain areas of Australia and Canada .
Accent	Children are able to take on accents relatively quickly .
Accent	Children of immigrant families , for example , generally have a more native-like pronunciation than their parents , though both children and parents may have a noticeable non-native accent - however these generally differ : the parents ' accent tends to be influenced by the sound system of their native language whilst the child is more inclined to apply hyper-pronunciation resulting from their need to correct their parents ' shortcomings in fluency .
Accent	Accents seem to remain relatively malleable until a person 's early twenties , after which a person 's accent seems to become more entrenched .
Accent	All the same , accents are not fixed even in adulthood .
Accent	An acoustic analysis by Jonathan Harrington of Elizabeth II 's Royal Christmas Messages revealed that the speech patterns of even so conservative a figure as a monarch can continue to change over her lifetime .
Accent	Pronunciation is the most difficult part of a non-native language to learn .
Accent	Most individuals who speak a non-native language fluently speak it with an accent of their native tongue .
Accent	The most important factor in predicting the degree to which the accent will be noticeable ( or strong ) is the age at which the non-native language was learned .
Accent	The critical period theory states that if learning takes place after the critical period ( usually considered around puberty ) for acquiring native-like pronunciation , an individual is unlikely to acquire a native-like accent .
Accent	This theory , however , is quite controversial among researchers .
Accent	Although many subscribe to some form of the critical period , they either place it earlier than puberty or consider it more of a critical `` window , '' which may vary from one individual to another and depend on factors other than age , such as length of residence , similarity of the non-native language to the native language , and the frequency with which both languages are used .
Accent	Nevertheless , children as young as 6 at the time of moving to another country often speak with a noticeable non-native accent as adults .
Accent	There are also rare instances of individuals who are able to pass for native speakers even if they learned their non-native language in early adulthood .
Accent	However , neurological constrains associated with brain development appear to limit most non-native speakers ' ability to sound native-like .
Accent	Most researchers agree that for adults , acquiring a native-like accent in a non-native language is near impossible .
Accent	When a group defines a standard pronunciation , speakers who deviate from it are often said to `` speak with an accent '' .
Accent	However , everyone speaks with an accent .
Accent	People from the United States would `` speak with an accent '' from the point of view of an Australian , and vice versa .
Accent	Accents such as BBC English or General American or Standard American may sometimes be erroneously designated in their countries of origin as `` accentless '' to indicate that they offer no obvious clue to the speaker 's regional or social background .
Accent	Many teachers of English as a second language neglect to teach speech\/pronunciation .
Accent	Many adult and near-adult learners of second languages have unintelligible speech patterns that may interfere with their education , profession , and social interactions .
Accent	Pronunciation in a second or foreign language involves more than the correct articulation of individual sounds .
Accent	It involves producing a wide range of complex and subtle distinctions which relate sound to meaning at several different levels .
Accent	Teaching of speech\/pronunciation is neglected in part because of the following myths : Pronunciation is n't important : `` This is patently false from any perspective . ''
Accent	Speech\/Pronunciation forms the vehicle for transmitting the speaker 's meaning .
Accent	If the listener does not understand the message , no communication takes place , and although there are other factors involved , one of the most important is the intelligibility of the speaker 's pronunciation .
Accent	Students will pick it up on their own : `` Some will learn to pronounce the second language intelligibly ; many will not . ''
Accent	Inadequate instruction in speech\/pronunciation can result in a complete breakdown in communication .
Accent	The proliferation of commercial `` accent reduction '' services is seen as a sign that many ESL teachers are not meeting their students ' needs for speech\/pronunciation instruction .
Accent	The goals of speech\/pronunciation instruction should include : to help the learner speak in a way that is easy to understand and does not distract the listener , to increase the self-confidence of the learner , and to develop the skills to self-monitor and adapt one 's own speech .
Accent	Even when the listener does understand the speaker , the presence of an accent that is difficult to understand can produce anxiety in the listener that he will not understand what comes next , and cause him to end the conversation earlier or avoid difficult topics .
Accent	Certain accents are perceived to carry more prestige in a society than other accents .
Accent	This is often due to their association with the elite part of society .
Accent	For example in the United Kingdom , Received Pronunciation of the English language is associated with the traditional upper class .
Accent	The same can be said about the predominance of Southeastern Brazilian accents in the case of the Brazilian standard of the Portuguese language , specially considering the disparity of prestige between the most caipira-affected , or rural , speech and the more cultivated paulistano ( Greater São Paulo dialect ) and carioca ( Greater Rio de Janeiro accent ) speakers inside Southeastern Brazil itself .
Accent	However , in linguistics , there is no differentiation among accents in regard to their prestige , aesthetics , or correctness .
Accent	All languages and accents are linguistically equal .
Accent	Stereotypes refer to specific characteristics , traits , and roles that a group and its members are believed to possess .
Accent	Stereotypes can be both positive and negative , although negative are more common .
Accent	Stereotypes may result in prejudice , which is defined as having negative attitudes toward a group and its members .
Accent	Individuals with non-standard accents often have to deal with both negative stereotypes and prejudice because of an accent .
Accent	Researchers consistently show that people with accents are judged as less intelligent , less competent , less educated , having poor English\/language skills , and unpleasant to listen to .
Accent	Not only people with standard accents subscribe to these beliefs and attitudes , but individuals with accents also often stereotype against their own or others ' accents .
Accent	Discrimination refers to specific behaviors or actions directed at a group or its individual members based solely on the group membership .
Accent	In accent discrimination , one 's way of speaking is used as a basis for arbitrary evaluations and judgments .
Accent	Unlike other forms of discrimination , there are no strong norms against accent discrimination in the general society .
Accent	Rosina Lippi-Green writes , Speakers with certain accents often experience discrimination in housing and employment .
Accent	For example , landlords are less likely to call back speakers who have foreign or ethnic accents and are more likely to be assigned by employers to lower status positions than are those with standard accents .
Accent	In business settings , individuals with non-standard accents are more likely to be evaluated negatively .
Accent	Accent discrimination is also present in educational institutions .
Accent	For example , non-native speaking graduate students , lecturers , and professors , across college campuses in the US have been target for being unintelligible because of accent .
Accent	On average , however , students taught by non-native English speakers do not underperform when compared to those taught by native speakers of English .
Accent	Studies have shown the perception of the accent , not the accent by itself , often results in negative evaluations of speakers .
Accent	In a study conducted by Rubin ( 1992 ) , students listened to a taped lecture recorded by the same native English speaker with a standard accent .
Accent	However , they were shown a picture of the lecturer who was either a Caucasian or Asian .
Accent	Participants in the study who saw the Asian picture believed that they had heard an accented lecturer and performed more badly on a task measuring lecture comprehension .
Accent	Negative evaluations may reflect the prejudices rather than real issues with understanding accents .
Accent	In the United States , Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discrimination based on national origin , implying accents .
Accent	However , employers may claim that a person 's accent impairs his or her communication skills that are necessary to the effective business operation .
Accent	The courts often rely on the employer 's claims or use judges ' subjective opinions when deciding whether the ( potential ) employee 's accent would interfere with communication or performance , without any objective proof that accent was or might be a hindrance .
Accent	Kentucky 's highest court in the case of Clifford vs. Commonwealth held that a white police officer , who had not seen the black defendant allegedly involved in a drug transaction , could , nevertheless , identify him as a participant by saying that a voice on an audiotape `` sounded black . ''
Accent	The police officer based this `` identification '' on the fact that the defendant was the only African American man in the room at the time of the transaction and that an audio-tape contained the voice of a man the officer said `` sounded black '' selling crack cocaine to a white informant planted by the police .
Accent	Actors are often called upon to speak varieties of language other than their own .
Accent	For example , American actor Dick van Dyke attempted to imitate a British accent in the film Mary Poppins .
Accent	Similarly , an actor may portray a character of some nationality other than his or her own by adopting into the native language the phonological profile typical of the nationality to be portrayed - what is commonly called `` speaking with an accent '' .
Accent	One example would be Viggo Mortensen 's use of a Russian accent in his portrayal of Nikolai in the movie Eastern Promises .
Accent	Accents may have associations and implications for an audience .
Accent	For example , in Disney films from the 1990s onward , English accents are generally employed to serve one of two purposes : slapstick comedy or evil genius .
Accent	Examples include Aladdin ( the Sultan and Jafar , respectively ) , The Lion King ( Zazu and Scar , respectively ) , The Hunchback of Notre Dame ( Victor the Gargoyle and Frollo , respectively ) , and Pocahontas ( Wiggins and Ratcliffe , respectively - both of whom happen to be played by the same actor , American David Ogden Stiers ) .
Angers	Coordinates : 47 ° 28 ′ 25 ″ N 0 ° 33 ′ 15 ″ W \/ 47.4736 ° N 0.5542 ° W \/ 47.4736 ; -0.5542 Angers ( French pronunciation : ( ɑ̃ .
Angers	ʒe ) ) is the main city in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France about 300 km ( 190 mi ) south-west of Paris .
Angers	Angers is located in the French region known by its pre-revolutionary , provincial name , Anjou , and its inhabitants are called Angevins .
Angers	Angers proper has a population of 157,000 inhabitants , while c. 283,000 live in its metropolitan area .
Angers	The city traces its roots to early Roman times .
Angers	It occupies both banks of the Maine , which is spanned by six bridges .
Angers	The district along the river has flourishing nurseries and market gardens .
Angers	It is known for its fresh produce and cut flowers .
Angers	The first sign of human presence on the site of Angers is a stone tool dated back to 400,000 BCE ( Lower Paleolithic ) .
Angers	The earliest known inhabitants were the Andecavi , a Gallic tribe that was overrun by the Romans .
Angers	The city , while under Roman rule , was called Juliomagus .
Angers	The Council of Angers was held here in 453 .
Angers	The city suffered severely from the invasions of the Vikings in 845 and succeeding years .
Angers	Angers was once the capital of the historic province of Anjou .
Angers	Beginning in the 9th century , the region was controlled by a powerful family of feudal lords .
Angers	It is the cradle of the House of Plantagenet who ruled England from the twelfth century and gave name to the Angevin Kings of England .
Angers	During this time the Hospital of Saint-Jean was built in Angers by King Henry II of England .
Angers	The edifice still stands to this day , now housing an important museum .
Angers	In 1204 Angers was conquered by King Philippe II .
Angers	An enormous castle , the Château d'Angers , was built during the minority of Louis IX ( `` Saint Louis '' ) in the early part of the 13th century .
Angers	In 1352 , John II le Bon , gave the château to his son , Louis I. Married to the daughter of the wealthy Duke of Brittany , Louis I had the château modified , and in 1373 commissioned the famous Apocalypse Tapestry from the painter Hennequin de Bruges and the Parisian tapestry-weaver Nicolas Bataille .
Angers	In the early 15th century , the dauphin who became King Charles VII , had to flee Paris and was given sanctuary at the Château D'Angers .
Angers	Louis II and Yolande d'Aragon added a chapel ( 1405-12 ) and royal apartments to the castle .
Angers	The chapel is a sainte chapelle , the name given to churches which enshrined a relic of the Passion .
Angers	The relic at Angers was a splinter of the fragment of the True Cross which had been acquired by Louis IX .
Angers	The Huguenots took the city of Angers in 1585 , and the Vendean royalists were defeated nearby in 1793 during the siege of Angers .
Angers	Until the French Revolution Angers was the seat of a celebrated university founded in the 14th century .
Angers	During the 16th and 17th centuries the Château D'Angers served originally as a defensive castle , and later as a military training school .
Angers	The military role of the Chateau D'Angers castle was revived in the 20th century when it was used by the Nazi government of Germany to store arms , ammunition , and explosives .
Angers	During the war , the latter exploded , causing significant amounts of damage to the castle .
Angers	In addition to the massive Château d'Angers , the city is also noted for the impressive twin spires of the twelfth-century Cathedral of Saint-Maurice .
Angers	Other noteworthy churches around Angers include St. Serge , an abbey-church of the 12th and 15th centuries , and the twelfth-century La Trinité Cathedral .
Angers	The elaborately sculptured eleventh and 12th century arcades of the famous abbey of Saint Aubin survive in the courtyard of the Prefecture and Hotel du Departement .
Angers	The tower of the abbey church has also survived nearby .
Angers	Ruins of the old churches of Toussaint ( 13th century ) and Notre-Dame du Ronceray ( eleventh century ) are also nearby .
Angers	The ancient hospital of St. Jean ( twelfth century ) is occupied by Jean Lurcat 's tapestries .
Angers	The Logis Barrault , a mansion built in 1486-92 , houses the Musée des Beaux-Arts , which has a large collection of paintings and sculptures .
Angers	In 1984 the former abbey church of Toussaint became the Musee David d'Angers consisting of works by the sculptor David d'Angers , who was a native of the town .
Angers	In the middle of a main boulevard near the museum stands his bronze statue of René of Anjou , who was born in the chateau of Angers .
Angers	The Hôtel de Pincé or d'Anjou ( 1523-1530 ) is the finest of the stone mansions of Angers .
Angers	There are also many curious wooden houses of the fifteenth and 16th centuries .
Angers	The Palais de Justice , the Catholic Institute , a fine theater , and a hospital with 1500 beds are the more remarkable of the modern buildings of the town .
Angers	Angers is the seat of a bishopric , dating from the 3rd century ; a prefecture ; a court of appeal ; and a court of assizes ( criminal courts ) .
Angers	It has a tribunal of first instance , a tribunal of commerce , a board of trade-arbitrators , a chamber of commerce , a branch of the Bank of France , and several learned societies .
Angers	The early prosperity of the town is largely due to the nearby quarries of slate , whose abundant use for the roofs of Angers led to the city 's nickname , the `` Black City '' ( or `` La ville noire '' , in French ) .
Angers	As of 1911 , existing industries noted in the Encyclopædia Britannica for that year included the distillation of liqueurs from fruit ( Cointreau , a brand of triple sec orange liqueur , is produced to this day in Saint-Barthélemy-d'Anjou , a suburb of Angers ) ; cable , rope , and thread-making ; the manufacture of boots , shoes , umbrellas , and parasols ; weaving of sail-cloth and fabrics ; machine construction ; wire-drawing ; and the manufacture of sparkling wines and preserved fruits .
Angers	The chief articles of commerce , besides slate and manufactured goods , were hemp , early vegetables , fruit , flowers , and live-stock .
Angers	Many of these industries in 1911 have since disappeared , though Cointreau continues to produce liqueur .
Angers	Other contemporary industries include the manufacturing of lorries ( Scania ) and computers ( Bull , Packard-Bell , NEC ) as well as research in horticulture and biotechnologies .
Angers	Angers is connected by A11 autoroute to Paris ( c. 295 km ) and to Nantes ( c. 90 km ) .
Angers	Gare d'Angers-Saint-Laud railway station has a direct TGV service to Paris ( 1 hour 35 minutes ) .
Angers	The nearest airport is Angers - Loire Airport .
Angers	In 1850 a catastrophic failure of the Angers Bridge caused the deaths of over 200 soldiers .
Angers	The disaster inhibited the construction of suspension bridges in France for two decades .
Angers	Angers inaugurated a new light rail system on 25 June 2011 .
Angers	The tramway consists of one 12 km ( 7.46 mi ) line with 25 stops .
Angers	The line runs from Avrillé-Ardenne in the North to Angers-Roseraie in the south .
Angers	Service is provided by Keolis using 17 Alstom Citadis trams .
Angers	Angers has an orchestra , ONPL ( Orchestre National des Pays de la Loire ) , shared with Nantes , a local theater NTA ( Nouveau Théatre d'Angers ) and a dance school CNDC ( Centre National de Danse Contemporaine ) .
Angers	Angers has a few important museums on the national level : `` Musée des Beaux-Arts '' ( Art & Sculpture , the permanent collections : 14th to the present ) has just reopened , after five years of work .
Angers	`` Galerie David d'Angers '' , which is consecrated to the 19th century sculptor David d'Angers .
Angers	`` Musée Pincé '' , which holds a collection of Classical art , as well as Egyptian , Etruscan , Japanese and Chinese .
Angers	`` Musée Jean Lurçat et de la Tapisserie contemporaine '' , is a tapestry museum .
Angers	The famous tapestry series `` Le chant du Monde '' by Jean Lurçat is in the ancient Hôpital St-Jean , the oldest hospital in France , while another modern building holds the contemporary collections , and also other works by Jean Lurçat .
Angers	The Apocalypse Tapestry , or `` the tapestries of the Apocalypse '' , originally made for Louis I d'Anjou in the fourteenth century , are today in the Château d'Angers after their restoration .
Angers	Muséum d'histoire naturelle d'Angers is an important natural history museum in the `` Hôtel Demarie-Valentin '' , dating from 1521 .
Angers	Angers is an important center for tapestries , especially contemporary tapestry .
Angers	It calls itself the `` most flowered city in Europe '' , and its displays of live and cut flowers are stunning .
Angers	The city 's Jardin des Plantes d'Angers and Jardin botanique de la Faculté de Pharmacie d'Angers are a historic botanical gardens , and its Arboretum Gaston Allard is a major arboretum .
Angers	It is also well known for being the seat of important cultural events , such as the film festival Premiers Plans , Tour de Scènes ( free concerts in the streets ) and Les Accroche-Coeurs ( free street festival ) .
Angers	Angers has many sport teams playing at top levels : Angers SCO is Angers 's football team .
Angers	The club was created in 1919 .
Angers	In 2010-11 season , Angers SCO is playing in the Ligue 2 ( second division ) league .
Angers	Les Ducs d'Angers is Angers 's ice hockey team .
Angers	The club is playing in the Magnus League ( first division ) .
Angers	Anjou BC is Angers 's basketball team , playing in second division .
Angers	Angers acts as home to the Angers Aviron Nautique ( In French ) , a rowing club which actively competes in regattas across France .
Angers	A center of learning , Angers boasts two renowned universities and several specialized institutions , altogether responsible for more than 26,000 students .
Angers	The city has a Catholic university , the Université Catholique de L'Ouest ( Catholic University of the West , or UCO ) , one of five Catholic universities in France .
Angers	UCO is best known for its French language studies institute , the Centre international d'étude de la langue française ( CIDEF ) , which provides college students from around the world with college-level course instruction in the French language .
Angers	The town is also home to a state university , the University of Angers .
Angers	Angers 's other educational institutions include lycées ; training colleges , an engineering school in manufacturing ( ENSAM ) , an engineering school in electronics and computer science ( ESEO ) , and a school of fine art .
Angers	Its education and research institutes are the driving force behind the city 's science and technology industries .
Angers	Angers 's Business School is ESSCA ( Ecole Superieure des Sciences Commerciales d'Angers ) .
Angers	Formerly part of the UCO , the school 's Masters program is of a duration of five years .
Angers	ESSCA is recruiting students after the Baccalaureat .
Angers	In addition to French schools and universities , an American university St. Edward 's University has new expanding campus in Angers .
Angers	St. Edward 's University is a diverse , Catholic liberal arts institution from Austin , TX .
Angers	The university has a partnership with UCO , and offers a variety of courses of undergraduate level and professional training .
Angers	The city operates the Toussaint Main Library and nine branch libraries .
Angers	The city is the birthplace of : René I of Naples ( 1409-1480 ) Jean Bodin ( 1529-1596 ) , philosopher and jurist , author of Six Livres de la République .
Angers	Michel Eugène Chevreul , ( 1786-1889 ) , chemist .
Angers	Joseph Louis Proust , ( 1754-1826 ) , chemist responsible for `` Proust 's law '' Pierre-Jean David d'Angers , ( 1788-1856 ) , sculptor .
Angers	Prosper Ménière ( 1799-1862 ) , physician .
Angers	Édouard Cointreau , ( 1849-1923 ) , creator of the `` Cointreau '' orange-flavoured liquor .
Angers	René Bazin ( 1853-1932 ) , writer and educator .
Angers	Fernand Charron ( 1866-1921 ) , one of the first cars constructors ( Octave Mirbeau dedicated to Charron La 628-E8 , 1907 ) .
Angers	André Bazin ( 1918-1958 ) , critic of the French New Wave .
Angers	Hervé Bazin ( 1911-1996 ) , writer .
Angers	Henri Dutilleux ( born 1916 ) , composer .
Angers	Joseph Wresinski ( born 1917 ) , humanitarian activist .
Angers	Paul Poupard ( born 1930 ) , Roman Catholic cardinal .
Angers	Jacques Loussier ( born 1934 ) , composer and jazz pianist .
Angers	Francis Le Jau , ( 1665-1717 ) , Anglican missionary to West Indies and South Carolina , worked for the humane treatment of slaves .
Angers	Nicolas Mahut ( born 1982 ) , tennis player .
Angers	Juliana Mialoundama , basketball player .
Angers	Eriq Ebouaney ( Born 1967 ) , actor .
Angers	Angers is twinned with : Haarlem , Netherlands , since 1964 .
Angers	Osnabrück , Germany , since 1964 .
Angers	Bamako , Mali , since 1974 .
Angers	Pisa , Italy , since 1982 .
Angers	Wigan , United Kingdom , since 1988 .
Angers	Södertälje , Sweden , since 1998 .
Angers	Seville , Spain , since 2000 .
Angers	Yantai , China , since 2006 .
Angers	Austin , Texas , USA , since 2011 .
Actor	An actor ( sometimes actress for female ; see terminology ) is a person who acts in a dramatic or comic production and who works in film , television , theater , or radio in that capacity .
Actor	After 1660 , when women first appeared on stage , actor and actress were initially used interchangeably for female performers , but later , influenced by the French actrice , actress became the usual term .
Actor	The etymology is a simple derivation from actor with ess added .
Actor	The word actor refers to a person who acts regardless of gender , and this term `` is increasingly preferred '' , while actress refers specifically to a female person who acts .
Actor	Actress `` remains in general use '' , although in a survey of a `` wide cross-section of current British English '' , compiled in 2010 , actor was almost twice as commonly found as actress .
Actor	Within the profession , however , the re-adoption of the neutral term dates to the 1950s-60s , the post-war period when women 's contribution to cultural life in general was being re-evaluated .
Actor	Actress remains the common term used in major acting awards given to female recipients .
Actor	The gender-neutral term `` player '' was common in film in the early days of the Motion Picture Production Code with regards to the cinema of the United States , but is now generally deemed archaic .
Actor	However , it remains in use in the theater , often incorporated into the name of a theater group or company ( such as the East West Players ) .
Actor	The first recorded case of an actor performing took place in 534 BC ( though the changes in calendar over the years make it hard to determine exactly ) when the Greek performer Thespis stepped on to the stage at the Theatre Dionysus and became the first known person to speak words as a character in a play or story .
Actor	Prior to Thespis ' act , stories were only known to be told in song and dance and in third person narrative .
Actor	In honor of Thespis , actors are commonly called Thespians .
Actor	Theatrical legend to this day maintains that Thespis exists as a mischievous spirit , and disasters in the theater are sometimes blamed on his ghostly intervention .
Actor	Actors were traditionally not people of high status , and in the Early Middle Ages traveling acting troupes were often viewed with distrust .
Actor	In many parts of Europe , actors could not even receive a Christian burial , and traditional beliefs of the region and time period held that this left any actor forever condemned .
Actor	However , this negative perception was largely reversed in the 19th and 20th centuries as acting has become an honored and popular profession and art .
Actor	Method acting is a technique developed from the acting ` system ' created in the early 20th century by Konstantin Stanislavski in his work at the Moscow Art Theatre and its studios .
Actor	The Group Theatre first popularized the Method in the 1930s ; it was subsequently advanced and developed in new directions by Stella Adler , Sanford Meisner , Uta Hagen , Lee Strasberg ( at the Actors Studio in the 1940s and 50s ) , and others .
Actor	In Stanislavski 's system ' , the actor analyzes the character in order to play him or her with psychological realism and emotional authenticity .
Actor	Using the Method , an actor may recall emotions or reactions from his or her own life and use them to identify with the character being portrayed .
Actor	Method actors are often characterized as immersing themselves so totally in their characters that they continue to portray them even off-stage or off-camera for the duration of the project .
Actor	However , this is a popular misconception .
Actor	While some actors do employ this approach , it is generally not taught as part of the Method .
Actor	Stella Adler , who was a member of the Group Theatre , along with Strasberg , emphasised a different approach of using creative imagination .
Actor	Method acting offers a systematic form of actor training in which the actor 's sensory , psychological , and emotional abilities are developed ; it revolutionized theater in the United States .
Actor	Presentational acting refers to a relationship between actor and audience , whether by direct address or indirectly by specific use of language , looks , gestures or other signs indicating that the character or actor is aware of the audience 's presence .
Actor	( Shakespeare 's use of punning and wordplay , for example , often has this function of indirect contact . )
Actor	In representational acting , `` actors want to make us ` believe ' they are the character ; they pretend . ''
Actor	The illusion of the fourth wall with the audience as voyeurs is striven for .
Actor	In the past , only men could become actors in some societies .
Actor	In the ancient Greece and Rome and the medieval world , it was considered disgraceful for a woman to go on the stage , and this belief persisted until the 17th century , when in Venice it was broken .
Actor	In the time of William Shakespeare , women 's roles were generally played by men or boys .
Actor	When an eighteen-year Puritan prohibition of drama was lifted after the English Restoration of 1660 , women began to appear on stage in England .
Actor	Margaret Hughes is credited by some as the first professional actress on the English stage .
Actor	This prohibition ended during the reign of Charles II in part due to the fact that he enjoyed watching actresses on stage .
Actor	The first occurrence of the term actress was in 1700 according to the OED and is ascribed to Dryden .
Actor	In Japan , men ( onnagata ) took over the female roles in kabuki theater when women were banned from performing on stage during the Edo period .
Actor	This convention has continued to the present .
Actor	However , some forms of Chinese drama have women playing all the roles .
Actor	In modern times , women sometimes play the roles of prepubescent boys .
Actor	The stage role of Peter Pan , for example , is traditionally played by a woman , as are most principal boys in British pantomime .
Actor	Opera has several `` breeches roles '' traditionally sung by women , usually mezzo-sopranos .
Actor	Examples are Hansel in Hänsel und Gretel , Cherubino in The Marriage of Figaro and Octavian in Der Rosenkavalier .
Actor	Women in male roles are uncommon in film with the notable exceptions of the films The Year of Living Dangerously and I 'm Not There .
Actor	In the former film Linda Hunt played the pivotal role of Billy Kwan , for which she received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Actor	In the latter film Cate Blanchett portrayed Jude Quinn , a representation of Bob Dylan in the sixties , for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Actor	Women playing men in live theater is particularly common in presentations of older plays , such as those of Shakespeare , that have large numbers of male characters in roles where the gender no longer matters in modern times .
Actor	Having an actor dress as the opposite sex for comic effect is also a long-standing tradition in comic theater and film .
Actor	Most of Shakespeare 's comedies include instances of overt cross-dressing , such as Francis Flute in A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
Actor	The movie A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum stars Jack Gilford dressing as a young bride .
Actor	Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon famously posed as women to escape gangsters in the Billy Wilder film Some Like It Hot .
Actor	Cross-dressing for comic effect was a frequently used device in most of the thirty Carry On films .
Actor	Dustin Hoffman and Robin Williams have each appeared in a hit comedy film ( Tootsie and Mrs. Doubtfire , respectively ) in which they played most scenes dressed as a woman .
Actor	Occasionally , the issue is further complicated , for example , by a woman playing a woman acting as a man pretending to be a woman , like Julie Andrews in Victor\/Victoria , or Gwyneth Paltrow in Shakespeare in Love .
Actor	In It 's Pat : The Movie , filmwatchers never learn the gender of the androgynous main characters Pat and Chris ( played by Julia Sweeney and Dave Foley ) .
Actor	A few roles in modern films , plays and musicals are played by a member of the opposite sex ( rather than a character cross-dressing ) , such as the character Edna Turnblad in Hairspray-played by Divine in the original film , Harvey Fierstein in the Broadway musical , and John Travolta in the 2007 movie musical .
Actor	Linda Hunt won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for playing Billy Kwan in The Year of Living Dangerously .
Actor	Felicity Huffman was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress for playing Bree Osbourne ( a male-to-female transsexual ) in Transamerica .
Azuki_bean	The azuki bean ( アズキ （ 小豆 ） , azuki ?
Azuki_bean	, also spelled adzuki or aduki ) is an annual vine , Vigna angularis , widely grown throughout East Asia and the Himalayas for its small ( approximately 5 mm ) bean .
Azuki_bean	The cultivars most familiar in Northeast Asia have a uniform red color .
Azuki_bean	However , white , black , gray and variously mottled varieties are also known .
Azuki_bean	Scientists presume Vigna angularis var .
Azuki_bean	nipponensis is the progenitor .
Azuki_bean	Genetic evidence indicates that the azuki bean was first domesticated in East Asia and later crossbred with native species in Himalayas .
Azuki_bean	The bean was first unearthed at Awazu-kotei Ruin of Japanese mid Jōmon period in 4000BC , and later it was commonly found on many Jomon ruins in 4000BC to 2000BC in Japan .
Azuki_bean	The analysis of the unearthed beans indicates that it was first cultivated in Japan during 4000BC to 2000BC .
Azuki_bean	In China and Korea it was first found on the ruins in 3000BC to 1000BC , and these are thought to be cultivated ones .
Azuki_bean	Some Koreans insist that it was first cultivated on the Korean peninsula before 1000 BC and later taken to Japan , where it is now the second most popular legume after the soybean .
Azuki_bean	The name azuki is a transliteration of the native Japanese name .
Azuki_bean	Japanese also has a Chinese loanword , shōzu ( 小豆 ? )
Azuki_bean	, which means `` small bean '' , its counterpart `` large bean '' ( 大豆 , daizu ? )
Azuki_bean	being the soybean .
Azuki_bean	In China , the corresponding name ( Chinese : 小豆 ; pinyin : xiǎodòu ) is still used in botanical or agricultural parlance .
Azuki_bean	However in everyday Chinese , the more common terms are hongdou ( 紅豆 ; hóngdòu ) and chidou ( 赤豆 ; chìdòu ) , both meaning `` red bean '' , because almost all Chinese cultivars are uniformly red .
Azuki_bean	In English-language discussions of Chinese topics , the term `` red bean '' is often used ( especially in reference to red bean paste ) , but in other contexts this usage can cause confusion with other beans that are also red .
Azuki_bean	In normal contexts , `` red cowpeas '' have been used to refer to this bean .
Azuki_bean	In some parts of India , they are referred to as `` Red Chori '' .
Azuki_bean	In Indian Punjab it is called `` ravaa ` n '' and is a common ingredient of chaat .
Azuki_bean	In Marathi , it is known as Lal Chavali ( लाल चवळी ) - literally means ` red cowpea ' .
Azuki_bean	In East Asian cuisine , the azuki bean is commonly eaten sweetened .
Azuki_bean	In particular , it is often boiled with sugar , resulting in red bean paste ( an ) , a very common ingredient in all of these cuisines .
Azuki_bean	It is also common to add flavoring to the bean paste , such as chestnut .
Azuki_bean	Red bean paste is used in many Chinese foods , such as tangyuan , zongzi , mooncakes , baozi and red bean ice .
Azuki_bean	It is also serves as a filling for Japanese sweets like anpan , dorayaki , imagawayaki , manjū , monaka , anmitsu , taiyaki and daifuku .
Azuki_bean	A more liquid version , using azuki beans boiled with sugar and a pinch of salt , produces a sweet dish called red bean soup .
Azuki_bean	Azuki beans are also commonly eaten sprouted , or boiled in a hot , tea-like drink .
Azuki_bean	Some Asian cultures enjoy red bean paste as a filling or topping for various kinds of waffles , pastries , baked buns or biscuits .
Azuki_bean	In Japan , rice with azuki beans ( 赤飯 ; sekihan ) is traditionally cooked for auspicious occasions .
Azuki_bean	Azuki beans are also used to produce amanattō , and as a popular flavor of ice cream .
Azuki_bean	On October 20 , 2009 , Pepsi Japan released an azuki-flavored Pepsi product .
Azuki_bean	Azuki beans , along with butter and sugar , form the basis of the popular Somali supper dish cambuulo .
Azuki_bean	In Gujarat , India , they are known as chori .
Azuki_bean	Azuki beans are a good source for a variety of minerals , with 1 cup of cooked beans providing 4.6 mg of Iron ( ~ 25 % RDI ) , 119.6 mg of magnesium ( ~ 30 % RDI ) , 1.223 g of potassium ( ~ 25 % AI ) , 4.0 mg of zinc ( ~ 25 % RDI ) and 278 µg of folic acid ( ~ 70 % RDI ) .
Atrax	`` Atrax '' redirects here .
Atrax	For the mythological figure , see Atrax ( mythology ) .
Atrax	Atracinae , commonly known as Australian funnel-web spiders , is a subfamily of spiders in the funnel-web spider family Hexathelidae .
Atrax	Atracinae consists of three genera : Atrax , Hadronyche , and Illawarra .
Atrax	The subfamily includes species with medically significant venom , the most well-known of which is the Sydney funnel-web spider ( Atrax robustus ) .
Atrax	There have been no fatalities since the introduction of modern first aid techniques and antivenin .
Atrax	These spiders are medium-to-large in size , with body lengths ranging from 1 cm to 5 cm ( 0.4 '' to 2 '' ) .
Atrax	They are darkly colored , ranging from black to blue-black to plum to brown , with a glossy , hairless carapace covering the front part of the body .
Atrax	Like the related diplurid spiders , some hexathelids have relatively long spinnerets ; this is especially true of A. robustus .
Atrax	Like other Mygalomorphae ( also incorrectly called `` Orthognatha '' ) - an infraorder of spiders that includes the tropical tarantulas - these spiders have fangs which point straight down the body and do not point towards each other ( cf Araneomorphae ) .
Atrax	They have ample venom glands that lie entirely within their chelicerae .
Atrax	Their fangs are large and powerful , capable of penetrating fingernails and soft shoes .
Atrax	Funnel-webs make their burrows in moist , cool , sheltered habitats-under rocks , in and under rotting logs , some in rough-barked trees ( occasionally metres above ground ) .
Atrax	They are commonly found in suburban rockeries and shrubberies , rarely in lawns or other open terrain .
Atrax	A funnel-web 's burrow characteristically has irregular silk trip-lines radiating from the entrance .
Atrax	Unlike some related trapdoor spiders , funnel-webs do not build lids to their burrows .
Atrax	The primary range of the Australian funnel-web spiders is the eastern coast of Australia , with specimens found in New South Wales , South Australia , Victoria , and Queensland .
Atrax	The only Australian states without funnel-webs are Western Australia and the Northern Territory .
Atrax	Australian funnel-webs are one of the three most dangerous spiders in the world and are regarded by some to be the most dangerous .
Atrax	Examination of bite records has implicated wandering males in most if not all fatal funnel-web bites to humans .
Atrax	Adult males , recognized by the modified terminal segment of the palp , will defend themselves vigorously if they feel threatened and tend to wander during the warmer months of the year looking for receptive females for mating .
Atrax	They are attracted to water and hence are often found in swimming pools , into which they often fall while wandering .
Atrax	The spiders can survive such immersion for several hours and can deliver a bite when removed from the water .
Atrax	They also show up in garages and yards in suburban Sydney .
Atrax	Contrary to a commonly held belief , no funnel-web spider is able to jump , although they can run quickly .
Atrax	While some very venomous spiders may give dry bites , these spiders do so much less frequently .
Atrax	An inefficient mode of delivery ( to large animals ) and interrupted contact are also possible causes of low volume delivery .
Atrax	It has been claimed that approximately 10 % to 25 % of bites will produce significant toxicity but the likelihood can not be predicted and all should be treated as potentially life-threatening .
Atrax	Funnel-webs are not normally aggressive but will defend themselves vigorously if frightened or threatened .
Atrax	During an attack the funnel-web spider generally maintains a tight grip on its victim and bites repeatedly , making it an especially traumatic experience for humans who are bitten and increasing the risk of severe envenomation .
Atrax	There have been 27 recorded deaths in Australia in the last 100 years from spider bites .
Atrax	Bites from Sydney funnel-web spiders have caused thirteen deaths ( seven in children ) .
Atrax	In all cases where the sex of the biting spider could be determined , it was found to be the male of the species .
Atrax	Most victims were young , ill or infirm .
Atrax	One member of the genus Hadronyche , the northern tree funnel-web has also been claimed to cause fatal envenomation but , to date , this lacks the support of a specific medical report .
Atrax	Assays of venom from several Hadronyche species have shown it to be similar to Atrax venom .
Atrax	There are many different toxins in the venom of Atrax and Hadronyche spiders .
Atrax	Collectively , these spider toxins are given the name atracotoxins ( ACTX ) , as all these spiders belong to the subfamily Atracinae .
Atrax	The first toxins isolated were the δ-ACTX toxins present in the venom of both A. robustus ( δ-ACTX-Ar1 , formerly known as robustoxin or atracotoxin ) and H. versuta ( δ-ACTX-Hv1a , formerly known as versutotoxin ) .
Atrax	Both these toxins produce the same funnel-web envenoming syndrome in monkeys as that seen in humans , suggesting that they are responsible for the physiological effects seen with crude venom .
Atrax	These toxins are thought to operate by opening sodium channels .
Atrax	They are presynaptic neurotoxins that ( via sodium channels ) induce spontaneous , repetitive firing of action potentials in autonomic and motor neurons and inhibit neurally mediated transmitted release resulting in a surge of endogenous acetylcholine , noradrenaline and adrenaline .
Atrax	Although extremely toxic to primates , the venom appears to be fairly harmless to many other animals .
Atrax	It has been suggested that these animals may be resistant to the venom 's effects due to the presence of IgG , and possibly cross-linked IgG and IgM inactivating factors in their blood plasma that bind to the toxins responsible and neutralise them .
Atrax	The female venom was thought to be only about a sixth as potent to humans as that of the male The bite of a female or juvenile may still be serious ; however , considerable variability occurs in venom toxicity between species , together with assumable degrees of inefficiency in the method of venom delivery .
Atrax	Envenomation symptoms observed following bites by these spiders are very similar .
Atrax	The bite is initially very painful , due to the biochemical action of the venom and the size of the fangs penetrating the skin .
Atrax	Puncture marks and local bleeding are also usually visible .
Atrax	If substantial envenomation occurs , symptoms will generally occur within minutes and progress rapidly .
Atrax	Early symptoms of systemic envenomation include goose bumps , sweating , tingling around the mouth and tongue , twitching ( initially facial and intercostal ) , salivation , watery eyes , elevated heart rate and elevated blood pressure .
Atrax	As systemic envenomation progresses symptoms include nausea , vomiting , shortness of breath ( caused by airway obstruction ) , agitation , confusion , writhing , grimacing , muscle spasms , pulmonary oedema ( of neurogenic or hypertensive origin ) , metabolic acidosis and extreme hypertension .
Atrax	The final stages of severe envenomation include dilation of the pupils ( often fixed ) , uncontrolled generalised muscle twitching , unconsciousness , elevated intracranial pressure and death .
Atrax	When death occurs it is generally as a result of progressive hypotension or possibly elevated intracranial pressure consequent on cerebral oedema .
Atrax	The onset of severe envenomation can be rapid .
Atrax	In one prospective study , the median time to onset of envenomation was 28 minutes , with only two cases having onset after 2 hours ( both had pressure immobilisation bandages applied ) .
Atrax	Death may occur within a period ranging from 15 minutes ( this occurred when a small child was bitten ) to three days .
Atrax	Due to the severity of symptoms , and the speed with which they progress , in areas where these spiders are known to live all bites from large black spiders should be treated as though they were caused by a funnel-web spider .
Atrax	First aid treatment for a suspected funnel-web spider bite consists of immediately applying a pressure immobilisation bandage ; a technique which consists of wrapping the bitten limb with a crepe bandage , as well as applying a splint to limit movement of the limb .
Atrax	This technique was originally developed for snakebites but has also been shown to be effective at slowing venom movement and preventing systemic envenomation in case of funnel-web spider bite ; there is evidence to suggest that periods of prolonged localisation may slowly inactivate the venom .
Atrax	Emergency medical treatment should be sought as soon as possible .
Atrax	It is important that the pressure immobilisation bandage is not removed prematurely ; it should remain in place until intravenous access has been established , adequate medical monitoring is in place and a supply of antivenom is available .
Atrax	A patient who is not displaying any symptoms of systemic envenomation may deteriorate rapidly when the bandage is removed .
Atrax	Further supportive care may be necessary , but the mainstay of treatment is antivenom .
Atrax	Antivenom is raised against male Atrax robustus venom but appears to be effective for all species of funnel web spiders .
Atrax	Funnel-web antivenom has also been shown to reverse the in vitro effects of Eastern Mouse spider ( Missulena bradleyi ) venom .
Atrax	Prior to the introduction of antivenom , envenomation resulted in significant morbidity and mortality .
Atrax	The purified rabbit IgG antivenom was developed in 1981 through a team effort led by Dr Struan Sutherland , head of immunology at the Australian Commonwealth Serum Laboratories in Melbourne .
Atrax	Fortunately , the antivenom is fast-acting and highly and globally effective .
Atrax	Antivenom therapy has shortened the course of envenomation : prior to antivenom availability , the average length of hospital treatment for severe bites was about 14 days .
Atrax	Today , antivenom-treated patients are commonly discharged from hospital within 1 to 3 days .
Atrax	There have been no known deaths since it became available .
Alchemy	Alchemy is an influential philosophical tradition whose early practitioners ' claims to profound powers were known from antiquity .
Alchemy	The defining objectives of alchemy are varied ; these include the creation of the fabled philosopher 's stone possessing powers including the capability of turning base metals into the noble metals gold or silver , as well as an elixir of life conferring youth and immortality .
Alchemy	Western alchemy is recognized as a protoscience that contributed to the development of modern chemistry and medicine .
Alchemy	Alchemists developed a framework of theory , terminology , experimental process and basic laboratory techniques that are still recognizable today .
Alchemy	But alchemy differs from modern science in the inclusion of Hermetic principles and practices related to mythology , religion , and spirituality .
Alchemy	The defining goals of alchemy are often given as the transmutation of common metals into gold ( known as chrysopoeia ) , the creation of a panacea , and the discovery of a universal solvent .
Alchemy	However , this only highlights certain aspects of alchemy .
Alchemy	Alchemists have historically rewritten , and evolved the explanation of their art , making a singular definition difficult .
Alchemy	H.J. Sheppard gives the following as a comprehensive summary : Modern discussions of alchemy are generally split into an examination of its exoteric practical applications , and its esoteric aspects .
Alchemy	The former is pursued by historians of the physical sciences who have examined the subject in terms of proto-chemistry , medicine , and charlatanism .
Alchemy	The latter is of interest to the historians of esotericism , psychologists , spiritual and new age communities , and hermetic philosophers .
Alchemy	The subject has also made an ongoing impact on literature and the arts .
Alchemy	Despite the modern split , numerous sources stress an integration of esoteric and exoteric approaches to alchemy .
Alchemy	Holmyard , when writing on exoteric aspects , states that they can not be properly appreciated if the esoteric is not always kept in mind .
Alchemy	The prototype for this model can be found in Bolos of Mendes ' second century BCE work , Physika kai Mystika ( On Physical and Mystical Matters ) .
Alchemy	Marie-Louise von Franz tells us the double approach of Western alchemy was set from the start , when Greek philosophy was mixed with Egyptian and Mesopotamian technology .
Alchemy	The technological , operative approach , which she calls extraverted , and the mystic , contemplative , psychological one , which she calls introverted are not mutually exclusive , but complementary instead , as meditation requires practice in the real world , and conversely .
Alchemy	Practical applications of alchemy produced a wide range of contributions to medicine and the physical sciences .
Alchemy	Alchemists Jābir ibn Hayyān and Robert Boyle are both credited as being the fathers of chemistry .
Alchemy	Paracelsian iatrochemistry emphasized the medicinal application of alchemy ( continued in plant alchemy , or spagyric ) .
Alchemy	Studies of alchemy also influenced Isaac Newton 's theory of gravity .
Alchemy	Academic historical research supports that the alchemists were searching for a material substance using physical methods .
Alchemy	It is a popular belief that alchemists made contributions to the `` chemical '' industries of the day-ore testing and refining , metalworking , production of gunpowder , ink , dyes , paints , cosmetics , leather tanning , ceramics , glass manufacture , preparation of extracts , liquors , and so on ( it seems that the preparation of aqua vitae , the `` water of life '' , was a fairly popular `` experiment '' among European alchemists ) .
Alchemy	Alchemists contributed distillation to Western Europe .
Alchemy	The attempts of alchemists to arrange information on substances , so as to clarify and anticipate the products of their chemical reactions , resulted in early conceptions of chemical elements and the first rudimentary periodic tables .
Alchemy	They learned how to extract metals from ores , and how to compose many types of inorganic acids and bases .
Alchemy	During the 17th century , practical alchemy started to evolve into modern chemistry , as it was renamed by Robert Boyle , the `` father of modern chemistry '' .
Alchemy	In his book , The Skeptical Chymist , Boyle attacked Paracelsus and the natural philosophy of Aristotle , which was taught at universities .
Alchemy	However , Boyle 's biographers , in their emphasis that he laid the foundations of modern chemistry , neglect how steadily he clung to the scholastic sciences and to alchemy , in theory , practice and doctrine .
Alchemy	The decline of alchemy continued in the 18th century with the birth of modern chemistry , which provided a more precise and reliable framework within a new view of the universe based on rational materialism .
Alchemy	In the eyes of a variety of esoteric and Hermetic practitioners , the heart of alchemy is spiritual .
Alchemy	Transmutation of lead into gold is presented as an analogy for personal transmutation , purification , and perfection .
Alchemy	This approach is often termed ` spiritual ' , ` esoteric ' , or ` internal ' alchemy .
Alchemy	Early alchemists , such as Zosimos of Panopolis ( c. AD 300 ) , highlight the spiritual nature of the alchemical quest , symbolic of a religious regeneration of the human soul .
Alchemy	This approach continued in the Middle Ages , as metaphysical aspects , substances , physical states , and material processes were used as metaphors for spiritual entities , spiritual states , and , ultimately , transformation .
Alchemy	In this sense , the literal meanings of ` Alchemical Formulas ' were a blind , hiding their true spiritual philosophy .
Alchemy	Practitioners and patrons such as Melchior Cibinensis and Pope Innocent VIII existed within the ranks of the church , while Martin Luther applauded alchemy for its consistency with Christian teachings .
Alchemy	Both the transmutation of common metals into gold and the universal panacea symbolized evolution from an imperfect , diseased , corruptible , and ephemeral state towards a perfect , healthy , incorruptible , and everlasting state ; and the philosopher 's stone then represented a mystic key that would make this evolution possible .
Alchemy	Applied to the alchemist himself , the twin goal symbolized his evolution from ignorance to enlightenment , and the stone represented a hidden spiritual truth or power that would lead to that goal .
Alchemy	In texts that are written according to this view , the cryptic alchemical symbols , diagrams , and textual imagery of late alchemical works typically contain multiple layers of meanings , allegories , and references to other equally cryptic works ; and must be laboriously decoded to discover their true meaning .
Alchemy	In his 1766 Alchemical Catechism , Théodore Henri de Tschudi denotes that the usage of the metals was a symbol : During the renaissance , alchemy broke into more distinct schools placing spiritual alchemists in high contrast with those working with literal metals and chemicals .
Alchemy	While most spiritual alchemists also incorporate elements of exotericism , examples of a purely spiritual alchemy can be traced back as far as the sixteenth century , when Jacob Boehme used alchemical terminology in strictly mystical writings .
Alchemy	Another example can be found in the work of Heinrich Khunrath ( 1560-1605 ) who viewed the process of transmutation as occurring within the alchemist 's soul .
Alchemy	The recent work of L. M. Principe and William R. Newman , seeks to reject the ` spiritual interpretation ' of alchemy , stating it arose as a product of the Victorian occult revival .
Alchemy	There is evidence to support that some classical alchemical sources were adulterated during this time to give greater weight to the spiritual aspects of alchemy .
Alchemy	Despite this , other scholars such as Calian and Tilton reject this view as entirely historically inaccurate , drawing examples of historical spiritual alchemy from Boehme , Isaac Newton , and Michael Maier .
Alchemy	The origin of Western alchemy may generally be traced to Hellenistic Egypt .
Alchemy	The Hellenistic city of Alexandria was a center of Greek alchemical knowledge , and retained its preeminence through most of the Greek and Roman periods .
Alchemy	Here , elements of technology , religion , mythology , and Greek philosophy , each with their own much longer histories , combined to form the earliest known records of alchemy in the West .
Alchemy	Zosimos of Panopolis wrote the oldest known books on alchemy while Mary the Jewess is credited as being the first non-fictitious Western alchemist .
Alchemy	They wrote in Greek and lived in Egypt under Roman rule .
Alchemy	Mythology - It is claimed by Zosimos of Panopolis that alchemy dated back to pharaonic Egypt where it was the domain of the priestly class ; there is little or no evidence for such a claim though .
Alchemy	Alchemical writers used Classical figures from Greek , Roman , and Egyptian mythology to illuminate their works and allegorize alchemical transmutation .
Alchemy	These included the pantheon of gods related to the Classical planets , Isis , Osiris , Jason , and many others .
Alchemy	The central figure in the mythology of alchemy is Hermes Trismegistus ( or Thrice-Great Hermes ) .
Alchemy	His name is derived from the god Thoth and his Greek counterpart Hermes .
Alchemy	Hermes and his caduceus or serpent-staff , were among alchemy 's principal symbols .
Alchemy	According to Clement of Alexandria , he wrote what were called the `` forty-two books of Hermes '' , covering all fields of knowledge .
Alchemy	The Hermetica of Thrice-Great Hermes is generally understood to form the basis for Western alchemical philosophy and practice , called the hermetic philosophy by its early practitioners .
Alchemy	These writings were collected in the first centuries of the common era .
Alchemy	Technology - The dawn of Western alchemy is sometimes associated with that of metallurgy , extending back to 3500 BCE .
Alchemy	Many writings were lost when the emperor Diocletian ordered the burning of alchemical books after suppressing a revolt in Alexandria ( 292 CE ) .
Alchemy	Few original Egyptian documents on alchemy have survived , most notable among them the Stockholm papyrus and the Leyden papyrus X. Dating from 300 to 500 CE , they contained recipes for dyeing and making artificial gemstones , cleaning and fabricating pearls , and the manufacture of imitation gold and silver .
Alchemy	These writings lack the mystical , philosophical elements of alchemy , but do contain the works of Bolus of Mendes ( or Pseudo-Democritus ) which aligned these recipes with theoretical knowledge of astrology and the Classical elements .
Alchemy	Between the time of Bolus and Zosimos , the change took place that transformed this metallurgy into a Hermetic art .
Alchemy	Philosophy - Alexandria acted as a melting pot for philosophies of Pythagoreanism , Platonism , Stoicism and Gnosticism which formed the origin of alchemy 's character .
Alchemy	An important example of alchemy 's roots in Greek philosophy , originated by Empedocles and developed by Aristotle , was that all things in the universe were formed from only four elements : earth , air , water , and fire .
Alchemy	According to Aristotle , each element had a sphere to which it belonged and to which it would return if left undisturbed .
Alchemy	The four elements of the Greek were mostly qualitative aspects of matter , not quantitative , as our modern elements are . ''
Alchemy	... True alchemy never regarded earth , air , water , and fire as corporeal or chemical substances in the present-day sense of the word .
Alchemy	The four elements are simply the primary , and most general , qualities by means of which the amorphous and purely quantitative substance of all bodies first reveals itself in differentiated form . ''
Alchemy	Later alchemists extensively developed the mystical aspects of this concept .
Alchemy	Alchemy coexisted alongside emerging Christianity .
Alchemy	Lactantius believed Hermes Trismegistus had prophesied its birth .
Alchemy	Augustine ( 354-430 CE ) later affirmed this , but also condemned Trismegistus for idolatry .
Alchemy	Examples of Pagan , Christian , and Jewish alchemists can be found during this period .
Alchemy	Most of the Greco-Roman alchemists preceding Zosimos are known only by pseudonyms , such as Moses , Isis , Cleopatra , Democritus , and Ostanes .
Alchemy	Others authors such as Komarios , and Chymes , we only know through fragments of text .
Alchemy	After 400 CE , Greek alchemical writers occupied themselves solely in commenting on the works of these predecessors .
Alchemy	By the middle of the seventh century alchemy was almost an entirely mystical discipline .
Alchemy	It was at that time that Khalid Ibn Yazid sparked its migration from Alexandria to the Islamic world , facilitating the translation and preservation of Greek alchemical texts in the 8th and 9th centuries .
Alchemy	After the fall of the Roman Empire , the focus of alchemical development moved to the Islamic World .
Alchemy	Much more is known about Islamic alchemy because it was better documented : indeed , most of the earlier writings that have come down through the years were preserved as Arabic translations .
Alchemy	The Islamic world was a melting pot for alchemy .
Alchemy	Platonic and Aristotelian thought , which had already been somewhat appropriated into hermetical science , continued to be assimilated during the late 7th and early 8th centuries .
Alchemy	In the late 8th century , Jābir ibn Hayyān ( known as `` Geber '' in Europe ) introduced a new approach to alchemy , based on scientific methodology and controlled experimentation in the laboratory , in contrast to the ancient Greek and Egyptian alchemists whose works were often allegorical and unintelligible , with very little concern for laboratory work .
Alchemy	Jabir is thus `` considered by many to be the father of chemistry '' , albeit others reserve that title for Robert Boyle or Antoine Lavoisier .
Alchemy	The historian of science , Paul Kraus , wrote : Jabir himself clearly recognized and proclaimed the importance of experimentation as follows : The discovery that aqua regia , a mixture of nitric and hydrochloric acids , could dissolve the noblest metal , gold , was to fuel the imagination of alchemists for the next millennium .
Alchemy	Islamic philosophers also made great contributions to alchemical hermeticism .
Alchemy	The most influential author in this regard was arguably Jabir .
Alchemy	Jabir 's ultimate goal was Takwin , the artificial creation of life in the alchemical laboratory , up to and including human life .
Alchemy	He analyzed each Aristotelian element in terms of four basic qualities of hotness , coldness , dryness , and moistness .
Alchemy	According to Jabir , in each metal two of these qualities were interior and two were exterior .
Alchemy	For example , lead was externally cold and dry , while gold was hot and moist .
Alchemy	Thus , Jabir theorized , by rearranging the qualities of one metal , a different metal would result .
Alchemy	By this reasoning , the search for the philosopher 's stone was introduced to Western alchemy .
Alchemy	Jabir developed an elaborate numerology whereby the root letters of a substance 's name in Arabic , when treated with various transformations , held correspondences to the element 's physical properties .
Alchemy	The elemental system used in medieval alchemy also originated with Jabir .
Alchemy	His original system consisted of seven elements , which included the five classical elements ( aether , air , earth , fire and water ) , in addition to two chemical elements representing the metals : sulphur , ` the stone which burns ' , which characterized the principle of combustibility , and mercury , which contained the idealized principle of metallic properties .
Alchemy	Shortly thereafter , this evolved into eight elements , with the Arabic concept of the three metallic principles : sulphur giving flammability or combustion , mercury giving volatility and stability , and salt giving solidity .
Alchemy	The atomic theory of corpuscularianism , where all physical bodies possess an inner and outer layer of minute particles or corpuscles , also has its origins in the work of Jabir .
Alchemy	During the 9th to 14th centuries , alchemical theories faced criticism from a variety of practical Muslim chemists , including Alkindus , Abū al-Rayhān al-Bīrūnī , Avicenna and Ibn Khaldun .
Alchemy	In particular , they wrote refutations against the idea of the transmutation of metals .
Alchemy	The introduction of alchemy to Latin Europe occurred on February 11 , 1144 , with the completion of Robert of Chester 's translation of the Arabic Book of the Composition of Alchemy .
Alchemy	Although European craftsmen and technicians preexisted , Robert notes in his preface that alchemy was unknown in Latin Europe at the time of his writing .
Alchemy	The translation of Arabic texts concerning numerous disciplines including alchemy flourished in twelfth century Toledo , Spain , through contributors like Gerard of Cremona and Adelard of Bath .
Alchemy	Translations of the time included the Turba Philosophorum , and the works of Avicenna and al-Razi .
Alchemy	These brought with them many new words to the European vocabulary for which there was no previous Latin equivalent .
Alchemy	Alcohol , carboy , elixir , and athanor are examples .
Alchemy	Meanwhile , theologian contemporaries of the translators made strides towards the reconciliation of faith and experimental rationalism , thereby priming Europe for the influx of alchemical thought .
Alchemy	Saint Anselm ( 1033-1109 ) put forth the opinion that faith and rationalism were compatible and encouraged rationalism in a Christian context .
Alchemy	Peter Abelard followed Anselm 's work , laying the foundation for acceptance of Aristotelian thought before the first works of Aristotle reached the West .
Alchemy	Later , Robert Grosseteste ( 1170-1253 ) took Abelard 's methods of analysis and added the use of observations , experimentation , and conclusions in making scientific evaluations .
Alchemy	Grosseteste also did much work to bridge Platonic and Aristotelian thinking .
Alchemy	Through much of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries , alchemical knowledge in Europe remained centered around translations , and new Latin contributions were not made .
Alchemy	The efforts of the translators were succeeded by that of the encyclopaedists .
Alchemy	Albertus Magnus and Roger Bacon are the most notable of these .
Alchemy	Their works explained and summarized the newly imported alchemical knowledge in Aristotelian terms .
Alchemy	There is little to suggest that Albertus Magnus ( 1193-1280 ) , a Dominican , was himself an alchemist .
Alchemy	In his authentic works such as the Book of Minerals , he observed and commented on the operations and theories of alchemical authorities like Hermes and Democritus , and unnamed alchemists of his time .
Alchemy	Albertus critically compared these to the writings of Aristotle and Avicenna , where they concerned the transmutation of metals .
Alchemy	From the time shortly after his death through to the fifteenth century , twenty-eight or more alchemical tracts were misattributed to him , a common practice giving rise to his reputation as an accomplished alchemist .
Alchemy	Likewise , alchemical texts have been attributed to Albert 's student Thomas Aquinas ( 1225-1274 ) .
Alchemy	Roger Bacon ( 1214-1294 ) was an Oxford Franciscan who studied a wide variety of topics including optics , languages and medicine .
Alchemy	After studying the Pseudo-Aristotelian Secretum Secretorum around 1247 , he dramatically shifted his studies towards a vision of a universal science which included alchemy and astrology .
Alchemy	Bacon maintained that Albertus Magnus ' ignorance of the fundamentals of alchemy prevented a complete picture of wisdom .
Alchemy	While alchemy was not more important to him than any of the other sciences , and he did not produce symbolic allegorical works , Bacon 's contributions advanced alchemy 's connections to soteriology and Christian theology .
Alchemy	Bacon 's writings demonstrated an integration of morality , salvation , alchemy , and the prolongation of life .
Alchemy	His correspondence with Pope Clement IV highlighted this integration , calling attention to the importance of alchemy to the papacy .
Alchemy	Like the Greeks before him , Bacon acknowledged the division of alchemy into the practical and theoretical .
Alchemy	He noted that the theoretical lay outside the scope of Aristotle , the natural philosophers , and all Latin writers of his time .
Alchemy	The practical however , confirmed the theoretical through experiment , and Bacon advocated its uses in natural science and medicine .
Alchemy	Soon after Bacon , the influential work of Pseudo-Geber ( sometimes identified as Paul of Taranto ) appeared .
Alchemy	His Summa Perfectionis remained a staple summary of alchemical practice and theory through the medieval and renaissance periods .
Alchemy	It was notable for its inclusion of practical chemical operations alongside sulphur-mercury theory , and the unusual clarity with which they were described .
Alchemy	By the end of the 13th century , alchemy had developed into a fairly structured system of belief .
Alchemy	Adepts believed in the macrocosm-microcosm theories of Hermes , that is to say , they believed that processes that affect minerals and other substances could have an effect on the human body ( for example , if one could learn the secret of purifying gold , one could use the technique to purify the human soul ) .
Alchemy	They believed in the four elements and the four qualities as described above , and they had a strong tradition of cloaking their written ideas in a labyrinth of coded jargon set with traps to mislead the uninitiated .
Alchemy	Finally , the alchemists practiced their art : they actively experimented with chemicals and made observations and theories about how the universe operated .
Alchemy	Their entire philosophy revolved around their belief that man 's soul was divided within himself after the fall of Adam .
Alchemy	By purifying the two parts of man 's soul , man could be reunited with God .
Alchemy	In the 14th century , alchemy became more accessible to Europeans outside the confines of Latin speaking churchmen and scholars .
Alchemy	Alchemical discourse shifted from scholarly philosophical debate to an exposed social commentary on the alchemists themselves .
Alchemy	Dante , Piers the Ploughman , and Chaucer all painted unflattering pictures of alchemists as thieves and liars .
Alchemy	Pope John XXII 's 1317 edict , Spondent quas non exhibent forbade the false promises of transmutation made by pseudo-alchemists .
Alchemy	In 1403 , Henry IV of England banned the practice of multiplying metals .
Alchemy	These critiques and regulations centered more around pseudo-alchemical charlatanism than the actual study of alchemy , which continued with an increasingly Christian tone .
Alchemy	The 14th century saw the Christian imagery of death and resurrection employed in the alchemical texts of Petrus Bonus , John of Rupescissa and in works written in the name of Raymond Lull and Arnold of Villanova .
Alchemy	Nicolas Flamel lived from 1330 to 1417 and would serve as the archetype for the next phase of alchemy .
Alchemy	He was not a religious scholar as were many of his predecessors , and his entire interest in the subject revolved around the pursuit of the philosopher 's stone .
Alchemy	His work spends a great deal of time describing the processes and reactions , but never actually gives the formula for carrying out the transmutations .
Alchemy	Most of his work was aimed at gathering alchemical knowledge that had existed before him , especially as regarded the philosopher 's stone .
Alchemy	Though the historical Flamel existed , the writings and legends assigned to him only appeared in 1612 .
Alchemy	Current scholarship suggests that they are fiction-another example of the tradition of pseudepigraphy and allegory in alchemical writing .
Alchemy	Through the late Middle Ages ( 1300-1500 ) alchemists were much like Flamel : they concentrated on looking for the philosophers ' stone .
Alchemy	Bernard Trevisan and George Ripley made similar contributions in the 14th and 15th centuries .
Alchemy	Their cryptic allusions and symbolism led to wide variations in interpretation of the art .
Alchemy	European alchemy continued in this way through the dawning of the Renaissance .
Alchemy	The era also saw a flourishing of con artists who would use chemical tricks and sleight of hand to `` demonstrate '' the transmutation of common metals into gold , or claim to possess secret knowledge that-with a `` small '' initial investment-would surely lead to that goal .
Alchemy	However , it is important to emphasize that the terms `` chemia '' and `` alchemia '' were used as synonyms in the Renaissance , and the differences between alchemy , chemistry and small-scale assaying and metallurgy were not as neat as in the present day .
Alchemy	There were important overlaps between practitioners , and trying to classify them into wizards ( alchemists ) , scientists ( chemists ) and craftsmen ( metallurgists ) is anachronistic .
Alchemy	One of these men who emerged at the beginning of the 16th century was the German Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa ( 1486-1535 ) .
Alchemy	This alchemist believed himself to be a wizard capable of summoning spirits .
Alchemy	His influence was negligible , but like Flamel , he produced writings which were referred to by alchemists of later years .
Alchemy	Again like Flamel , he did much to change alchemy from a mystical philosophy to an occultist magic .
Alchemy	He did keep alive the philosophies of the earlier alchemists , including experimental science , numerology , etc. , but he added magic theory , which reinforced the idea of alchemy as an occultist belief .
Alchemy	In spite of all this , Agrippa still considered himself a Christian , though his views often came into conflict with the church .
Alchemy	The most important name in this period is Philippus Aureolus Paracelsus , ( Theophrastus Bombastus von Hohenheim , 1493-1541 ) who cast alchemy into a new form , rejecting some of the occultism that had accumulated over the years and promoting the use of observations and experiments to learn about the human body .
Alchemy	He rejected Gnostic traditions , but kept much of the Hermetical , neo-Platonic , and Pythagorean philosophies ; however , Hermetical science had so much Aristotelian theory that his rejection of Gnosticism was practically meaningless .
Alchemy	In particular , Paracelsus rejected the magic theories of Agrippa and Flamel .
Alchemy	Paracelsus pioneered the use of chemicals and minerals in medicine , and wrote `` Many have said of Alchemy , that it is for the making of gold and silver .
Alchemy	For me such is not the aim , but to consider only what virtue and power may lie in medicines . ''
Alchemy	His hermetical views were that sickness and health in the body relied on the harmony of man the microcosm and Nature the macrocosm .
Alchemy	He took an approach different from those before him , using this analogy not in the manner of soul-purification but in the manner that humans must have certain balances of minerals in their bodies , and that certain illnesses of the body had chemical remedies that could cure them .
Alchemy	While his attempts of treating diseases with such remedies as Mercury might seem ill-advised from a modern point of view , his basic idea of chemically produced medicines has stood time surprisingly well .
Alchemy	Alchemy became known as the spagyric art after Greek words meaning to separate and to join together the word probably being coined by Paracelsus .
Alchemy	Compare this with one of the dictums of Alchemy in Latin : Solve et Coagula - Separate , and Join Together ( or `` dissolve and coagulate '' ) .
Alchemy	At the beginning of the 16th century , King James IV of Scotland kept an alchemist , John Damian , and a furnace of the quintessence in Stirling Castle .
Alchemy	In England , the topic of alchemy in that time frame is often associated with Doctor John Dee ( 13 July 1527 - December , 1608 ) , better known for his role as astrologer , cryptographer , and general `` scientific consultant '' to Queen Elizabeth I. Dee was considered an authority on the works of Roger Bacon , and was interested enough in alchemy to write a book on that subject ( Monas Hieroglyphica , 1564 ) influenced by the Kabbalah .
Alchemy	Dee 's associate Edward Kelley - who claimed to converse with angels through a crystal ball and to own a powder that would turn mercury into gold - may have been the source of the popular image of the alchemist-charlatan .
Alchemy	Rudolf II , Holy Roman Emperor , in the late 16th century , sponsored various alchemists in their work at his court in Prague , one of which was a particular alchemist named Edward Kelley .
Alchemy	Kelley had been a protegee of John Dee in England .
Alchemy	Another lesser known alchemist was Michael Sendivogius ( Michał Sędziwój , 1566-1636 ) , a Polish alchemist , philosopher , medical doctor and pioneer of chemistry .
Alchemy	According to some accounts , he distilled oxygen in a lab sometime around 1600 , 170 years before Scheele and Priestley , by warming nitre ( saltpetre ) .
Alchemy	He thought of the gas given off as `` the elixir of life '' .
Alchemy	Shortly after discovering this method , it is believed that Sendivogious taught his technique to Cornelius Drebbel .
Alchemy	In 1621 , Drebbel practically applied this in a submarine .
Alchemy	Tycho Brahe ( 1546-1601 ) , better known for his astronomical and astrological investigations , was also an alchemist .
Alchemy	He had a laboratory built for that purpose at his Uraniborg observatory\/research institute .
Alchemy	Up to the 17th century , alchemy was practiced by scientists , such as Isaac Newton - who devoted considerably more of his writing to the study of alchemy ( see Isaac Newton 's occult studies ) than he did to either optics or physics .
Alchemy	Other alchemists of the Western world who were eminent in their other studies include Roger Bacon , and Tycho Brahe .
Alchemy	The demise of Western alchemy was brought about by the rise of modern science with its emphasis on rigorous quantitative experimentation and its disdain for `` ancient wisdom '' .
Alchemy	Although the seeds of these events were planted as early as the 17th century , alchemy still flourished for some two hundred years , and in fact may have reached its apogee in the 18th century .
Alchemy	As late as 1781 James Price claimed to have produced a powder that could transmute mercury into silver or gold .
Alchemy	Robert Boyle ( 1627-1691 ) , better known for his studies of gases ( cf. Boyle 's law ) pioneered the scientific method in chemical investigations .
Alchemy	He assumed nothing in his experiments and compiled every piece of relevant data ; in a typical experiment , Boyle would note the place in which the experiment was carried out , the wind characteristics , the position of the Sun and Moon , and the barometer reading , all just in case they proved to be relevant .
Alchemy	This approach eventually led to the founding of modern chemistry in the 18th and 19th centuries , based on revolutionary discoveries of Lavoisier and John Dalton - which finally provided a logical , quantitative and reliable framework for understanding matter transmutations , and revealed the futility of longstanding alchemical goals such as the philosopher 's stone .
Alchemy	Meanwhile , Paracelsian alchemy led to the development of modern medicine .
Alchemy	Experimentalists gradually uncovered the workings of the human body , such as blood circulation ( Harvey , 1616 ) , and eventually traced many diseases to infections with germs ( Koch and Pasteur , 19th century ) or lack of natural nutrients and vitamins ( Lind , Eijkman , Funk , et al. ) .
Alchemy	Supported by parallel developments in organic chemistry , the new science easily displaced alchemy from its medical roles , interpretive and prescriptive , while deflating its hopes of miraculous elixirs and exposing the ineffectiveness or even toxicity of its remedies .
Alchemy	During the seventeenth century , a short-lived `` supernatural '' interpretation of alchemy become popular , including support by fellows of the Royal Society : Robert Boyle and Elias Ashmole .
Alchemy	Proponents of the supernatural interpretation of alchemy believed that the philosopher 's stone might be used to summon and communicate with angels .
Alchemy	The words `` alchemy '' and `` chemistry '' were used interchangeably during most of the seventeenth century ; only during the eighteenth century was a distinction drawn rigidly between the two .
Alchemy	In the eighteen century , `` alchemy '' was considered to be restricted to the realm of `` gold making '' , leading to the popular belief that most , if not all , alchemists were charlatans , and the tradition itself nothing more than a fraud .
Alchemy	The obscure and secretive writings of the alchemists was used as a case by those who wished to forward a fraudulent and non-scientific opinion of alchemy .
Alchemy	In order to protect the developing science of modern chemistry from the negative censure of which alchemy was being subjected , academic writers during the scientific Enlightenment attempted , for the sake of survival , to separate and divorce the `` new '' chemistry from the `` old '' practices of alchemy .
Alchemy	This move was mostly successful , and the consequences of this continued into the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , and even to the present day .
Alchemy	During the occult revival of the early nineteenth century , alchemy received new attention as an occult science .
Alchemy	The esoteric or occultist school , which arose during the nineteenth century , held ( and continues to hold ) the view that the substances and operations mentioned in alchemical literature are to be interpreted in a spiritual sense , and it downplays the role of the alchemy as a practical tradition or protoscience .
Alchemy	This interpretation further forwarded the view that alchemy is an art primarily concerned with spiritual enlightenment or illumination , as opposed to the physical manipulation of apparatus and chemicals , and claims that the obscure language of the alchemical texts were an allegorical guise for spiritual , moral or mystical processes .
Alchemy	In the nineteenth century revival of alchemy , the two most seminal figures were Mary Anne Atwood , and Ethan Allen Hitchcock who independently published similar works regarding spiritual alchemy .
Alchemy	Both forwarded a completely esoteric view of alchemy , as Atwood claimed : `` No modern art or chemistry , notwithstanding all its surreptitious claims , has any thing in common with Alchemy . ''
Alchemy	Atwood 's work influenced subsequent authors of the occult revival including Eliphas Levi , Arthur Edward Waite , and Rudolf Steiner .
Alchemy	Hitchcock , in his Remarks Upon Alchymists ( 1855 ) attempted to make a case for his spiritual interpretation with his claim that the alchemists wrote about a spiritual discipline under a materialistic guise in order to avoid accusations of blasphemy from the church and state .
Alchemy	In 1845 , Baron Carl Reichenbach , published his studies on Odic force , a concept with some similarities to alchemy , but his research did not enter the mainstream of scientific discussion .
Alchemy	Thus , as science steadily continued to uncover and rationalize the clockwork of the universe , founded on its own materialistic metaphysics , alchemy was left deprived of its chemical and medical connections - but still incurably burdened by them .
Alchemy	Reduced to an arcane philosophical system , poorly connected to the material world , it suffered the common fate of other esoteric disciplines such as astrology and Kabbalah : excluded from university curricula , shunned by its former patrons , ostracized by scientists , and commonly viewed as the epitome of charlatanism and superstition .
Alchemy	These developments could be interpreted as part of a broader reaction in European intellectualism against the Romantic movement of the preceding centuries .
Alchemy	According to Multhauf & Gilbert ( 2008 ) : Significant progress in alchemy was made in ancient India .
Alchemy	Will Durant wrote in Our Oriental Heritage : An 11th century Persian chemist and physician named Abū Rayhān Bīrūnī reported that they `` have a science similar to alchemy which is quite peculiar to them , which in Sanskrit is called Rasayāna and in Persian Rasavātam .
Alchemy	It means the art of obtaining\/manipulating Rasa : nectar , mercury , and juice .
Alchemy	This art was restricted to certain operations , metals , drugs , compounds , and medicines , many of which have mercury as their core element .
Alchemy	Its principles restored the health of those who were ill beyond hope and gave back youth to fading old age . ''
Alchemy	One thing is sure though , Indian alchemy like every other Indian science is focused on finding Moksha : perfection , immortality , liberation .
Alchemy	As such it focuses its efforts on transmutation of the human body : from mortal to immortal .
Alchemy	Many are the traditional stories of alchemists still alive since time immemorial due to the effects of their experiments .
Alchemy	The texts of Ayurvedic Medicine and Science have aspects similar to alchemy : concepts of cures for all known diseases , and treatments that focus on anointing the body with oils .
Alchemy	Since alchemy eventually became engrained in the vast field of Indian erudition , influences from other metaphysical and philosophical doctrines such as Samkhya , Yoga , Vaisheshika and Ayurveda were inevitable .
Alchemy	Nonetheless , most of the Rasayāna texts track their origins back to Kaula tantric schools associated to the teachings of the personality of Matsyendranath .
Alchemy	The Rasayāna was understood by very few people at the time .
Alchemy	Two famous examples were Nagarjunacharya and Nityanadhiya .
Alchemy	Nagarjunacharya was a Buddhist monk who , in ancient times , ran the great university of Nagarjuna Sagar .
Alchemy	His famous book , Rasaratanakaram , is a famous example of early Indian medicine .
Alchemy	In traditional Indian medicinal terminology `` rasa '' translates as `` mercury '' and Nagarjunacharya was said to have developed a method to convert the mercury into gold .
Alchemy	Much of his original writings are lost to us , but his teachings still have strong influence on traditional Indian medicine ( Ayurveda ) to this day .
Alchemy	Whereas Western alchemy eventually centered on the transmutation of base metals into noble ones , Chinese alchemy had a more obvious connection to medicine .
Alchemy	The philosopher 's stone of European alchemists can be compared to the Grand Elixir of Immortality sought by Chinese alchemists .
Alchemy	However , in the hermetic view , these two goals were not unconnected , and the philosopher 's stone was often equated with the universal panacea ; therefore , the two traditions may have had more in common than initially appears .
Alchemy	Black powder may have been an important invention of Chinese alchemists .
Alchemy	Described in 9th century texts and used in fireworks in China by the 10th century , it was used in cannons by 1290 .
Alchemy	From China , the use of gunpowder spread to Japan , the Mongols , the Arab world , and Europe .
Alchemy	Gunpowder was used by the Mongols against the Hungarians in 1241 , and in Europe by the 14th century .
Alchemy	Chinese alchemy was closely connected to Taoist forms of traditional Chinese medicine , such as Acupuncture and Moxibustion , and to martial arts such as Tai Chi Chuan and Kung Fu ( although some Tai Chi schools believe that their art derives from the philosophical or hygienic branches of Taoism , not Alchemical ) .
Alchemy	In fact , in the early Song Dynasty , followers of this Taoist idea ( chiefly the elite and upper class ) would ingest mercuric sulfide , which , though tolerable in low levels , led many to suicide .
Alchemy	Thinking that this consequential death would lead to freedom and access to the Taoist heavens , the ensuing deaths encouraged people to eschew this method of alchemy in favor of external sources ( the aforementioned Tai Chi Chuan , mastering of the Qi , etc. ) .
Alchemy	The history of alchemy has become a significant and recognized subject of academic study .
Alchemy	As the language of the alchemists is analyzed , historians are becoming more aware of the intellectual connections between that discipline and other facets of Western cultural history , such as the evolution of science and philosophy , the sociology and psychology of the intellectual communities , kabbalism , spiritualism , Rosicrucianism , and other mystic movements .
Alchemy	Institutions involved in this research include The Chymistry of Isaac Newton project at Indiana University , the University of Exeter Centre for the Study of Esotericism ( EXESESO ) , the European Society for the Study of Western Esotericism ( ESSWE ) , and the University of Amsterdam 's Sub-department for the History of Hermetic Philosophy and Related Currents .
Alchemy	A large collection of books on alchemy is kept in the Bibliotheca Philosophica Hermetica in Amsterdam .
Alchemy	Traditional medicine sometimes involves the transmutation of natural substances , using pharmacological or a combination of pharmacological and spiritual techniques .
Alchemy	In Ayurveda the samskaras are claimed to transform heavy metals and toxic herbs in a way that removes their toxicity .
Alchemy	These processes are actively used to the present day .
Alchemy	Twentieth century spagyrists Albert Richard Riedel and Jean Dubuis merged Paracelsian alchemy with occultism , teaching laboratory pharmaceutical methods .
Alchemy	The schools they founded , Les Philosophes de la Nature and The Paracelsus Research Society , popularized modern spagyrics including the manufacture of herbal tinctures and products .
Alchemy	The courses , books , organizations , and conferences generated by their students continue to influence popular applications of alchemy as a new age medicinal practice .
Alchemy	In 1919 , Ernest Rutherford used artificial disintegration to convert nitrogen into oxygen .
Alchemy	From then on , this sort of scientific transmutation is routinely performed in many nuclear physics-related laboratories and facilities , like particle accelerators , nuclear power stations and nuclear weapons as a by-product of fission and other physical processes .
Alchemy	The synthesis of noble metals enjoyed brief popularity in the 20th century when physicists were able to convert platinum atoms into gold atoms via a nuclear reaction .
Alchemy	However , the new gold atoms , being unstable isotopes , lasted for under five seconds before they broke apart .
Alchemy	More recently , reports of table-top element transmutation-by means of electrolysis or sonic cavitation-were the pivot of the cold fusion controversy of 1989 .
Alchemy	None of those claims have yet been reliably duplicated .
Alchemy	Synthesis of noble metals requires either a nuclear reactor or a particle accelerator .
Alchemy	Particle accelerators use huge amounts of energy , while nuclear reactors produce energy , so only methods utilizing a nuclear reactor are of economic interest .
Alchemy	Alchemical symbolism has been used by psychologists such as Carl Jung who reexamined alchemical symbolism and theory and presented the inner meaning of alchemical work as a spiritual path .
Alchemy	Jung was deeply interested in the occult since his youth , participating in seances , which he used as the basis for his doctoral dissertation `` On the Psychology and Pathology of So-Called Occult Phenomena . ''
Alchemy	In 1913 , Jung had already adopted a `` spiritualist and redemptive interpretation of alchemy '' , likely reflecting his interest in the occult literature of the nineteenth century .
Alchemy	Jung began writing his views on alchemy from the 1920s and continued until the end of his life .
Alchemy	His interpretation of Chinese alchemical texts in terms of his analytical psychology also served the function of comparing Eastern and Western alchemical imagery and core concepts and hence its possible inner sources ( archetypes ) .
Alchemy	Jung saw alchemy as a Western proto-psychology dedicated to the achievement of individuation .
Alchemy	In his interpretation , alchemy was the vessel by which Gnosticism survived its various purges into the Renaissance , a concept also followed by others such as Stephan A. Hoeller .
Alchemy	In this sense , Jung viewed alchemy as comparable to a Yoga of the East , and more adequate to the Western mind than Eastern religions and philosophies .
Alchemy	The practice of Alchemy seemed to change the mind and spirit of the Alchemist .
Alchemy	Conversely , spontaneous changes on the mind of Western people undergoing any important stage in individuation seems to produce , on occasion , imagery known to Alchemy and relevant to the person 's situation .
Alchemy	Jung did not completely reject the material experiments of the alchemists , but he massively downplayed it , writing that the transmutation was performed in the mind of the alchemist .
Alchemy	He claimed the material substances and procedures were only a projection of the alchemists ' internal state , while the real substance to be transformed was the mind itself .
Alchemy	Marie-Louise von Franz , a disciple of Jung , continued Jung 's studies on alchemy and its psychological meaning .
Alchemy	Jung 's work exercised a great influence on the mainstream perception of alchemy , his approach becoming a stock element in many popular texts on the subject to this day .
Alchemy	Modern scholars are sometimes critical of the Jungian approach to alchemy as overly reflective of nineteenth century occultism .
African_elephant	Holozoa African elephants are the elephants of the genus Loxodonta ( Greek for ` oblique-sided tooth ' ) , consisting of two extant species , the African bush elephant and the smaller African forest elephant .
African_elephant	Loxodonta is one of the two existing genera in the family Elephantidae .
African_elephant	Although it is commonly believed that the genus was named by Georges Cuvier in 1825 , Cuvier spelled it Loxodonte .
African_elephant	An anonymous author romanized the spelling to Loxodonta and the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature ( ICZN ) recognizes this as the proper authority .
African_elephant	Fossil members of Loxodonta have only been found in Africa , where they developed in the middle Pliocene .
African_elephant	The African elephant is the largest living terrestrial animal .
African_elephant	Its thickset body rests on stocky legs and it has a concave back .
African_elephant	Its large ears enable heat loss .
African_elephant	Its upper lip and nose forms a trunk .
African_elephant	The trunk acts as a fifth limb , a sound amplifier and an important method of touch .
African_elephant	The African elephant 's trunk ends in two opposing lips , whereas the Asian elephant trunk ends in a single lip .
African_elephant	African bush elephants are bigger than Asian elephants .
African_elephant	Males stand 3.2-4 .0 m ( 10-13 ft ) tall at the shoulder and weigh 4,700-6 ,048 kg ( 10,000-13 ,330 lb ) , while females stand 2.2-2 .6 m ( 7.2-8 .5 ft ) tall and weigh 2,160-3 ,232 kg ( 4,800-7 ,130 lb ) .
African_elephant	The largest individual recorded stood four metres to the shoulders and weighed ten tonnes .
African_elephant	Elephants have four molars ; each weighs about 5 kg ( 11 lb ) and measures about 30 cm ( 12 in ) long .
African_elephant	As the front pair wears down and drops out in pieces , the back pair shifts forward , and two new molars emerge in the back of the mouth .
African_elephant	Elephants replace their teeth six times .
African_elephant	At about 40 to 60 years of age , the elephant no longer has teeth and will likely die of starvation , a common cause of death .
African_elephant	Their tusks are firm teeth ; the second set of incisors become the tusks .
African_elephant	They are used for digging for roots and stripping the bark off trees for food , for fighting each other during mating season , and for defending themselves against predators .
African_elephant	The tusks weigh from 23-45 kg ( 51-99 lb ) and can be from 1.5-2 .4 m ( 5-8 ft ) long .
African_elephant	Unlike Asian elephants , both male and female African elephants have tusks .
African_elephant	They are curved forward and continue to grow throughout the elephant 's lifetime .
African_elephant	The enamel plates of the molars are fewer in number than in Asian elephants .
African_elephant	African elephants can eat up to 450 kilograms of vegetation per day though their digestive system is not very efficient and only 40 % of this food is properly digested .
African_elephant	They use their trunk to pluck at leaves and their tusks to tear at branches , which can cause enormous damage .
African_elephant	African elephants are highly intelligent , and they have a very large and highly convoluted neocortex , a trait also shared by humans , apes and certain dolphin species .
African_elephant	They are amongst the world 's most intelligent species .
African_elephant	With a mass of just over 5 kg ( 11 lb ) , elephant brains are larger than those of any other land animal , and although the largest whales have body masses twenty-fold those of a typical elephant , whale brains are barely twice the mass of an elephant 's brain .
African_elephant	The elephant 's brain is similar to that of humans in terms of structure and complexity - such as the elephant 's cortex having as many neurons as a human brain , suggesting convergent evolution .
African_elephant	Elephants exhibit a wide variety of behaviors , including those associated with grief , learning , allomothering , mimicry , art , play , a sense of humor , altruism , use of tools , compassion , cooperation , self-awareness , memory and possibly language .
African_elephant	All point to a highly intelligent species that are thought to be equal with cetaceans and primates .
Arovell_Verlag	Arovell Verlag is an Austrian publishing house for contemporary literature .
Arovell_Verlag	It has been founded in 1991 by the Austrian writer , artist and musician Paul Jaeg .
Arovell_Verlag	Today , Jaeg is still the directing proprietor , while Thomas Gamsjäger is CEO .
Arovell_Verlag	Each year , Arovell publishes between ten and twenty new books .
Arovell_Verlag	Some authors , such as Peter Paul Wiplinger , have already several books with Arovell , but others use the publishing house as a platform to publish their first book ( s ) .
Arovell_Verlag	Arovell publishes contemporary literature in the German language .
Arovell_Verlag	They focus on short prose , stories and poetry .
Arovell_Verlag	The covers of all books edited by Arovell show a painting respectively a section from a painting by Paul Jaeg .
Arovell_Verlag	In addition , Arovell publishes a magazine about literature , music and art , which contains information about new books and public events .
Arovell_Verlag	The magazine also presents short texts from the books edited by Arovell .
Arovell_Verlag	The publisher organizes literary , musical and artistic events especially in Upper Austria and Salzburg , to a lesser extent also in Vienna .
Arovell_Verlag	Arovell 's headquarter lies in Gosau in Upper Austria and has subsidiaries in Vienna and Salzburg .
Adrian_Lowe	Adrian Lowe is an Australian Paralympic athlete .
Adrian_Lowe	At the 1988 Seoul Games , he won two gold medals in the Men 's 4x100 m Relay A2A4-7 and Men 's 4x400 m Relay A2A4-7 events , and three silver medals in the Men 's 100 m A4A9 , Men 's 200 m A4A9 , and Men 's 400 m A4A9 events .
Anniston,_Alabama	Anniston is a city in Calhoun County in the state of Alabama .
Anniston,_Alabama	As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 24,276 .
Anniston,_Alabama	According to the 2005 U.S. Census estimates , the city had a population of 23,741 .
Anniston,_Alabama	The city is the county seat of Calhoun County and one of two urban centers\/principal cities of and included in the Anniston-Oxford Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Anniston,_Alabama	Named The Model City by Atlanta newspaperman Henry W. Grady for its careful planning in the late 19th century , the city is situated on the slope of Blue Mountain .
Anniston,_Alabama	Though the surrounding area was settled long before , the mineral resources in the area of Anniston were n't exploited until the Civil War .
Anniston,_Alabama	During that time , the Confederate States of America established and operated an iron furnace near present day downtown Anniston , until the furnace was destroyed by Union troops in 1865 .
Anniston,_Alabama	Later , clay pipe for sewer systems became the focus of Anniston 's industrial output .
Anniston,_Alabama	Clay pipe , also called soil pipe , was popular until the advent of plastic pipe in the 1960s .
Anniston,_Alabama	In 1865 , at the end of the Civil War , Union troops near the furnace wrongfully hanged one of the few residents .
Anniston,_Alabama	Charley Lloyd , a farmer working the land in what is now Anniston west of Noble Street , was executed by Union General John Croxton for allegedly shooting a Union cavalryman .
Anniston,_Alabama	In fact , the Union trooper had been killed by a Confederate soldier who was fighting the continuing destruction of local facilities .
Anniston,_Alabama	Croxton 's only evidence against Lloyd was that the shooting took place near Lloyd 's farm .
Anniston,_Alabama	In 1872 , the Woodstock Iron Company , organized by Samuel Noble and Union Gen. Daniel Tyler , rebuilt the furnace on a much larger scale , as well as started a planned community named Woodstock but later renamed `` Anniston '' for Annie Scott Tyler , wife of railroad president Alfred L. Tyler .
Anniston,_Alabama	Anniston was chartered as a town in 1873 .
Anniston,_Alabama	Though the roots of the town 's economy were in iron , steel and pipe clay , planners touted it as a health resort , and several hotels began operating .
Anniston,_Alabama	Schools also appeared , including The Noble Institute , a school for girls established in 1886 , and The Alabama Presbyterian College for Men , founded in 1905 .
Anniston,_Alabama	Careful planning and easy access to rail transportation helped make Anniston the fifth largest city in the state from 1890 's to 1950 's .
Anniston,_Alabama	In 1917 , at the start of World War I , the United States Army established a training camp at Fort McClellan .
Anniston,_Alabama	On the other side of town , the Anniston Army Depot opened during World War II as a major weapons storage and maintenance site , a role it continues to serve as munitions-incineration progresses .
Anniston,_Alabama	Most of the site of Fort McClellan was incorporated into Anniston in the late 1990s , and The Army closed the fort in 1999 following the Base Realignment and Closure round of 1995 .
Anniston,_Alabama	Anniston was the center of national controversy in 1961 when a mob bombed a bus filled with civilian Freedom Riders during the American civil rights movement .
Anniston,_Alabama	The Freedom Riders were riding an integrated bus to protest Alabama 's Jim Crow segregation laws that denied African Americans their civil rights .
Anniston,_Alabama	One of the buses was fire-bombed outside of Anniston on Mother 's Day , Sunday , May 14 , 1961 .
Anniston,_Alabama	As the bus burned , the mob held the doors shut , intent on burning the riders to death .
Anniston,_Alabama	An exploding fuel tank caused the mob to retreat , allowing the riders to escape the bus .
Anniston,_Alabama	The Riders were viciously beaten as they tried to flee , and only warning shots fired into the air by highway patrolmen prevented the riders from being lynched on the spot .
Anniston,_Alabama	Located along Alabama Highway 202 W about five miles ( 8 km ) west of downtown , the site today is home to a historic marker .
Anniston,_Alabama	In response to the violence , the city formed a bi-racial Human Relations Council ( HRC ) made up of prominent white business and religious leaders , but when they attempted to integrate the `` whites-only '' public library on Sunday afternoon , September 15 , 1963 ( the same day as the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing in Birmingham ) , further violence ensued and two black ministers , N.Q. Reynolds and Bob McClain , were severely beaten by a mob .
Anniston,_Alabama	The HRC chairman , white Presbyterian minister Rev. Phil Noble , worked with an elder of his church , Anniston City Commissioner Miller Sproull , to avoid KKK mob domination of the city .
Anniston,_Alabama	In a telephone conference with President John F. Kennedy , the President informed the HRC that after the Birmingham church bombing he had stationed additional Federal Troops at Fort McClellan .
Anniston,_Alabama	On September 16 , 1963 , with city police present , Noble and Sproull escorted Black ministers into the library .
Anniston,_Alabama	In February 1964 , Anniston Hardware , owned by the Sproull family , was bombed , presumably in retaliation for Commissioner Sproull 's integration efforts .
Anniston,_Alabama	On the night July 15 , 1965 a white racist rally was held in Anniston , after which Willie Brewster , a black foundry worker , was shot and killed while driving home from work .
Anniston,_Alabama	A $ 20,000 reward was raised by Anniston civic leaders , and resulted in the apprehension , trial and conviction of the accused killer , Damon Strange , who worked for a leader of the Ku Klux Klan .
Anniston,_Alabama	Historian Taylor Branch called the conviction of Damon Strange a `` breakthrough verdict '' on p. 391 of his Pulitzer Prize-winning book , At Canaan 's Edge .
Anniston,_Alabama	Strange was convicted by an all-white Calhoun County jury to the surprise of many people , including civil rights leaders who had planned to protest an acquittal .
Anniston,_Alabama	This was the first conviction of a white person for killing a black person in civil rights era Alabama .
Anniston,_Alabama	As of the census of 2000 , there were 24,276 people , 10,447 households , and 6,414 families residing in the city .
Anniston,_Alabama	The population density was 534.4 inhabitants per square mile ( 206.3 \/ km2 ) .
Anniston,_Alabama	There were 12,787 housing units at an average density of 281.5 per square mile ( 108.7 \/ km2 ) .
Anniston,_Alabama	The racial makeup of the city was 48.71 % White , 48.69 % Black or African American , 0.27 % Native American , 0.78 % Asian , 0.07 % Pacific Islander , 0.61 % from other races , and 0.86 % from two or more races .
Anniston,_Alabama	1.68 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Anniston,_Alabama	There were 10,447 households out of which 24.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 38.0 % were married couples living together , 20.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 38.6 % were non-families .
Anniston,_Alabama	34.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.6 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
Anniston,_Alabama	The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.91 .
Anniston,_Alabama	In the city the population was spread out with 23.6 % under the age of 18 , 8.7 % from 18 to 24 , 25.7 % from 25 to 44 , 23.3 % from 45 to 64 , and 18.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .
Anniston,_Alabama	The median age was 39 years .
Anniston,_Alabama	For every 100 females there were 83.9 males .
Anniston,_Alabama	For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 78.5 males .
Anniston,_Alabama	The median income for a household in the city was $ 27,385 , and the median income for a family was $ 36,067 .
Anniston,_Alabama	Males had a median income of $ 31,429 versus $ 21,614 for females .
Anniston,_Alabama	The per capita income for the city was $ 18,769 .
Anniston,_Alabama	About 20.1 % of families and 22.8 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 35.2 % of those under age 18 and 16.2 % of those age 65 or over .
Arsenic_triiodide	Arsenic triiodide is the inorganic compound with the formula AsI3 .
Arsenic_triiodide	It is a dark red solid that readily sublimes .
Arsenic_triiodide	It is a pyramidal molecule that is useful for preparing organoarsenic compounds .
Arsenic_triiodide	It is prepared by a reaction of arsenic trichloride and potassium iodide : Hydrolysis occurs only slowly in water forming arsenic trioxide and hydroiodic acid .
Arsenic_triiodide	The reaction proceeds via formation of arsenous acid which exists in equilibrium with hydroiodic acid .
Arsenic_triiodide	The aqueous solution is highly acidic , pH of 0.1 N solution is 1.1 .
Arsenic_triiodide	It decomposes to arsenic trioxide , elemental arsenic and iodine when heated in air at 200 ° C. The decomposition , however , commences at 100 ° C and occurs with the liberation of iodine .
Arsenic_triiodide	Under the name of Liam Donnelly 's solution , it was once recommended to treat rheumatism , arthritis , malaria , trypanosome infections , tuberculosis , and diabetes .
Alex_Chernov	Alex Chernov AC QC ( born 12 May 1938 ) is an Australian jurist and the current Governor of Victoria .
Alex_Chernov	Chernov was born in Lithuania to Russian parents , and migrated with his family to Salzburg , Austria where he commenced his schooling .
Alex_Chernov	In 1949 his family migrated to Australia and he completed his schooling at Melbourne High School .
Alex_Chernov	He graduated as a Bachelor of Commerce ( B.Com . )
Alex_Chernov	and a Bachelor of Laws ( LL .
Alex_Chernov	B. ) ( with Honours ) from the University of Melbourne in 1961 and 1968 respectively .
Alex_Chernov	Chernov was admitted to practice and signed the Roll of Counsel as a barrister in 1968 , practising mostly in commercial law and equity .
Alex_Chernov	He was appointed Queen 's Counsel in 1980 .
Alex_Chernov	He was Chairman of the Victorian Bar 1985-86 , Vice-President of the Australian Bar Association 1986-87 and President of the Law Council of Australia 1990-91 .
Alex_Chernov	He was Vice President of LawAsia 1995-1997 .
Alex_Chernov	He was the co-author with Robert Brooking AO of Tenancy Law and Practice : Victoria ( 1972 ) and the editor of its second edition ( 1980 ) .
Alex_Chernov	In May 1997 he was appointed to the Trial Division of the Supreme Court of Victoria , and in October 1998 to the Court of Appeal of that Court .
Alex_Chernov	He retired from the bench in February 2008 .
Alex_Chernov	He was elected the 20th Chancellor of the University of Melbourne in January 2009 , serving in that office until he resigned to take up the office of Governor of Victoria .
Alex_Chernov	On 21 February 2011 , it was announced that he would become the 28th Governor of Victoria .
Alex_Chernov	He assumed that office on 8 April 2011 .
Alex_Chernov	Chernov is married with three children .
Alex_Chernov	Chernov was appointed Queen 's Counsel in and for the State of Victoria in 1980 .
Alex_Chernov	Chernov was created an Officer of the Order of Australia in the 2007 Queen 's Birthday Honours list for service to the law and education .
Alex_Chernov	On 26 January 2011 , Chernov was named a Companion of the Order of Australia .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The Aldeburgh Festival is an English arts festival devoted mainly to classical music .
Aldeburgh_Festival	It takes place each June in the Aldeburgh area of Suffolk , centred on the main concert hall at Snape Maltings .
Aldeburgh_Festival	In 2007 , the festival expanded to include the Faster Than Sound series which highlights experimental and electronic music , and 2010 saw the addition of yet another independent music event , TEDxAldeburgh .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The Festival was founded in 1948 by the composer Benjamin Britten , the singer Peter Pears and the librettist Eric Crozier .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The original intention was to provide a home for their opera company , the English Opera Group , but the vision was soon widened to include readings of poetry , literature , drama , lectures and exhibitions of art .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The first festival was held from the 5 June 1948 to the 13 June 1948 and used the Aldeburgh Jubilee Hall , a few doors away from Britten 's house in Crabbe Street , as its main venue .
Aldeburgh_Festival	It featured a performance of Albert Herring by the English Opera Group ; Britten 's newly-written St. Nicolas cantata , op .42 ; and performances by Clifford Curzon and the Zorian String Quartet .
Aldeburgh_Festival	Over the years the festival grew and took in additional venues such as Aldeburgh 's fifteenth-century church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul and venues in nearby Orford , Blythburgh and Framlingham .
Aldeburgh_Festival	In the mid-1960s the Festival gained a new and much larger concert hall with the conversion of Snape Maltings , which includes one of the largest mid nineteenth century barley malthouses in East Anglia .
Aldeburgh_Festival	Most of the building 's original character , such as the distinctive square malthouse roof-vents , was retained .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The new concert hall was opened by the Queen on 2 June 1967 , at the start of the twentieth Aldeburgh Festival .
Aldeburgh_Festival	Two years later , on the first night of the 1969 festival , the concert hall was destroyed by fire .
Aldeburgh_Festival	Only the shell of the outer walls remained .
Aldeburgh_Festival	For that year the Festival was moved to other local venues but by the following year the hall had been rebuilt and once again it was opened by the Queen , this time at the start of the 1970 festival .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The festival is now operated by Aldeburgh Music , which also runs the Britten-Pears Young Artist Programme ( formerly the Britten-Pears School for Advanced Musical Studies ) , Aldeburgh Residencies - a program offering bespoke training and development opportunities to UK and international artists - as well as an extensive education program .
Aldeburgh_Festival	Aldeburgh 's artist development programs feed heavily into the June festival and other events throughout the year .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The Aldeburgh Festival retains a unique character , mostly due to its location in rural Suffolk .
Aldeburgh_Festival	It also continues to emphasise the presentation of new music , new interpretations and the rediscovery of forgotten music .
Aldeburgh_Festival	It has seen the premières of several works by Britten ( A Midsummer Night 's Dream in 1960 ; Death in Venice in 1973 ) and also Harrison Birtwistle 's Punch and Judy in 1968 , The Io Passion in 2004 and The Corridor in 2009 .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The Festival now takes place in several buildings on the new Creative Campus at Snape Maltings , using the newly refurbished industrial buildings as well as the world renowned Snape Maltings Concert Hall .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The new Hoffmann Building , which contains The Britten Studio as another performance space also doubles as a recording studio , as well as the Jerwood Kiln Studio , a rehearsal and recording space .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The Festival 's current Artistic Director is the French pianist Pierre-Laurent Aimard .
Aldeburgh_Festival	Faster Than Sound has been part of the Aldeburgh Festival since 2007 .
Aldeburgh_Festival	Initially hosted at Bentwaters airbase , it has included artists such as Luke Vibert , Tansy Davies , Mira Calix , Anna Meredith , Venetian Snares and many others .
Aldeburgh_Festival	The inaugural TEDxAldeburgh was held on November 6 , 2010 .
Aldeburgh_Festival	Hosted by the TED music director Thomas Dolby and organized by Joana Seguro on behalf of Aldeburgh Music ( coincidentally , Thomas Dolby 's great-great-grandfather actually built the maltings building at Snape that houses the Britten Studio , which was this year 's venue ) .
Aldeburgh_Festival	TEDxAldeburgh included talks from David Toop , Tod Machover , Martyn Ware , William Orbit , and composer Nick Ryan , and performances from Peter Gregson , Tim Exile , and Imogen Heap .
Aldeburgh_Festival	In addition , TED talk videos from David Byrne , Itay Talgam , Evelyn Glennie , and Benjamin Zander .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Adolf von Henselt ( 12 May 1814 - 10 October 1889 ) was a German composer and pianist .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Henselt was born at Schwabach , in Bavaria .
Adolf_von_Henselt	At the age of three he began to learn the violin , and at five the piano under Josepha von Fladt .
Adolf_von_Henselt	On obtaining financial help from King Ludwig I of Bavaria he went to study under Johann Nepomuk Hummel in Weimar for some months , and thence in 1832 to Vienna , where , besides studying composition under Simon Sechter ( the later teacher of Anton Bruckner ) , he made a great success as a concert pianist .
Adolf_von_Henselt	In order to improve his health he made a prolonged tour in 1836 through the chief German towns .
Adolf_von_Henselt	In 1837 he settled at Breslau , where he had married Rosalie Vogel , but in the following year he migrated to Saint Petersburg , where previous visits had made him persona grata at Court .
Adolf_von_Henselt	He then became court pianist and inspector of musical studies in the Imperial Institute of Female Education , and was ennobled in 1876 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	He usually spent his summer holidays in his former homeland Germany .
Adolf_von_Henselt	In 1852 and again in 1867 he visited England , though in the latter year he made no public appearance .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Saint Petersburg was his home practically until his death , which occurred during a stay at Warmbrunn , Germany ( now in Poland ) , due to cardiac disease .
Adolf_von_Henselt	The characteristic of Henselt 's playing was a combination of Franz Liszt 's sonority with Hummel 's smoothness .
Adolf_von_Henselt	It was full of poetry , remarkable for the great use he made of extended chords , and for his perfect technique .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Indeed , his cantabile playing was unequalled : Liszt once commented on the lengths to which Henselt had gone to achieve his famous legato , saying , `` I could have had velvet paws like that if I had wanted to . ''
Adolf_von_Henselt	Henselt 's influence on the next generation of Russian pianists is immense .
Adolf_von_Henselt	It is in Henselt 's playing and teaching that the entire Russian school of music had its genesis , developing from the seeds planted by John Field .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Sergei Rachmaninoff held him in very great esteem , and considered him one of his most important influences .
Adolf_von_Henselt	He excelled in his own works and in those of Carl Maria von Weber and Frédéric Chopin .
Adolf_von_Henselt	His Piano Concerto in F minor , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	16 was once frequently played in Europe ; and of his many valuable studies , Si oiseau j' étais was very familiar .
Adolf_von_Henselt	At one time Henselt was second to Anton Rubinstein in the direction of the Saint Petersburg Conservatory .
Adolf_von_Henselt	However , despite his relatively long life , Henselt ceased all composition by the age of thirty .
Adolf_von_Henselt	The reasons are unclear .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Chronic stage fright , bordering on paranoia , caused him to withdraw from concert appearances by age thirty-three .
Adolf_von_Henselt	( selective list ) Variations on ` Io son ' ricco ' from Donizetti 's L'elisir d'amore , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	1 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Douze études caractéristiques , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	2 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Poème d'amour , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	3 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Douze études de salon , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	5 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Pensée fugitive , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	8 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Scherzo in B minor , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	9 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Romance in B-flat minor , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	10 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Frühlingslied , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	15 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Fantaisie sur un air bohemien-russe , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	16 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Impromptu No. 1 , WoO .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Impromptu No. 2 , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	17 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Vier Romanzen , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	18 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Arrangements of 12 numbers from Weber 's operas Der Freischütz , Euryanthe and Oberon , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	19 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Deux romances russes de Soumarokoff , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	22 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Toccatina , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	25 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Deux petites valses , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	28 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Sophie polka , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	29 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Chant sans paroles , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	33 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Grande valse - L'aurore boréale , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	30 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Ballade , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	31 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Nocturne in A-flat major , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	32 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Impromptu No. 3 in B-flat minor , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	34 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Marche du couronnement d'Alexandre II , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	35 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Valse mélancolique in D minor , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	36 .
Adolf_von_Henselt	Impromptu No. 4 in B-flat minor , Op .
Adolf_von_Henselt	37 .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	Aquarius is a mineral sports drink manufactured by The Coca-Cola Company .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	It originated in , and was first introduced in 1983 in Japan as a grapefruit-flavored sports drink , as a response to a competitor 's brand of sports drink called Pocari Sweat .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	It was introduced to Spain and Portugal in 1991 , and it became the official drink of the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	Currently , it is marketed in Belgium , Brazil , Hong Kong , Italy , Japan , Luxembourg , Macau , Morocco , Netherlands , Peru , Portugal , Spain and Taiwan and the majority of its consumers are non-athletes .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	Aquarius is available in the following flavors : Carrot Orange , Citrus Blend , Grapefruit , Honey Lemon , Lemon , Orange , Watermelon and Coca-Cola .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	The availability of these flavors changes from country to country .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	In Malaysia , Maldives and Brazil , bottled water is also available under the Aquarius brand .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	In Argentina , is also available under the brand of `` Aquarius by Cepita '' .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	Cepita 's a Coca-Cola local juice based-product company .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	Aquarius Pera ( Pear flavored ) Aquarius Manzana ( Apple flavored ) Aquarius Pomelo ( Grapefruit flavored ) Aquarius Uva ( Grape flavored ) Aquarius Naranja ( Orange flavored ) Aquarius Pomelo Rosado ( Pink Grapefruit flavored ) In Mexico , a sparkling water with a hint of flavors is available under the Aquarius brand .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	Aquarius Sprite ( Lemon-Lime flavored ) Aquarius Fanta ( Orange flavored ) Aquarius Lift ( Apple flavored ) In Peru , `` Aquarius Frugos '' is sold nationwide in 500 ml plastic bottles in the flavors manzana ( apple ) , pera ( pear ) and pìña ( pineapple ) .
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	Aquarius Pera ( Pear flavored ) Aquarius Manzana ( Apple flavored ) Aquarius Piña ( Pineapple flavored ) Aquarius Naranja ( Orange flavored ) In the United States , Coca-Cola renamed their brand of spring water known as Spring !
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	to Aquarius Spring !
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	in 2009 ( originally known as Dannon spring water , it was first renamed Spring !
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	By Dannon and then just Spring !
Aquarius_(sports_drink)	after the Coca-Cola Company purchased the brand in 2005 ) .
Aspen	Aspen is a common name for certain tree species ; some , but not all , are classified by botanists in the section Populus , of the poplar genus .
Aspen	These species are called aspens : Populus adenopoda : Chinese aspen ( China , south of P. tremula ) Populus grandidentata : Bigtooth aspen ( eastern North America , south of P. tremuloides ) Populus sieboldii : Japanese aspen ( Japan ) Populus tremula : Eurasian aspen ( northern Europe and Asia ) Populus tremuloides : American aspen ( northern and western North America ) The aspens are all native to cold regions with cool summers , in the north of the Northern Hemisphere , extending south at high altitudes in the mountains .
Aspen	They are all medium-sized deciduous trees reaching 15-30 m ( 49-98 ft ) tall .
Aspen	All of the aspens typically grow in large clonal colonies derived from a single seedling , and spread by means of root suckers ; new stems in the colony may appear at up to 30-40 m ( 98-130 ft ) from the parent tree .
Aspen	Each individual tree can live for 40-150 years above ground , but the root system of the colony is long-lived .
Aspen	In some cases , this is for thousands of years , sending up new trunks as the older trunks die off above ground .
Aspen	For this reason , it is considered to be an indicator of ancient woodlands .
Aspen	One such colony in Utah , given the nickname of `` Pando '' , is estimated to be 80,000 years old , making it possibly the oldest living colony of aspens .
Aspen	Some aspen colonies become very large with time , spreading about 1 m ( 3.3 ft ) per year , eventually covering many hectares .
Aspen	They are able to survive forest fires , because the roots are below the heat of the fire , with new sprouts growing after the fire burns out .
Aspen	Aspens do not thrive in the shade , and it is difficult for seedlings to grow in an already mature aspen stand .
Aspen	Fire indirectly benefits aspen trees , since it allows the saplings to flourish in open sunlight in the burned landscape .
Aspen	Lately , aspens have an increased popularity in forestry , mostly because of their fast growth rate and ability to regenerate from sprouts , making the reforestation after harvesting much cheaper , since no planting or sowing is required .
Aspen	In contrast with many trees , aspen bark is base-rich , ( clarification needed ) meaning aspens are important hosts for bryophytes and act as food plants for the larvae of butterfly ( Lepidoptera ) species-see List of Lepidoptera that feed on poplars .
Aspen	Young aspen bark is an important seasonal forage for the European hare and other animals in early spring .
Aspen	Aspen is also a tree of choice of the European beaver .
Aspen	Aspen wood is white and soft , but fairly strong , and has low flammability .
Aspen	It has a number of uses , notably for making matches and paper where its low flammability makes it safer to use than most other woods .
Aspen	Shredded aspen wood is used for packing and stuffing , sometimes called excelsior ( wood wool ) .
Aspen	It is also a popular animal bedding , since it lacks the phenols associated with pine and juniper , which are thought to cause respiratory system ailments in some animals .
Aspen	Heat-treated aspen is a popular material for the interiors of a sauna .
Aspen	While standing trees sometimes tend to rot from the heart outward , the dry timber weathers very well , becoming silvery-grey and resistant to rotting and warping , and has traditionally been used for rural construction in the northwestern regions of Russia ( especially for roofing , in the form of thin slats ) .
Aspen	Aspens and other members of the Populus genus contain salicylates , compounds related to aspirin .
Aspen	Leaves and leaf buds of aspens have been used to treat burns , irritations , aches , and swollen joints .
Aspen	Bitter herbal tea from bark and leaves has been used to treat mild urinary tract inflammations .
Aspen	The Ojibwe used the inner bark of the trunk as a poultice , and the Cree ate the inner bark in the spring as a mild purgative .
Aspen	Aspen has been traditionally reputed in many countries to drive off evil spirits , hence it was often planted near the dwellings .
Aspen	According to an Eastern Slavic apocryphal legend , Judas Iscariot hanged himself on an aspen tree , hence its leaves have been trembling with horror ever since .
Aspen	The species does not grow in the Middle East , so this legend obviously has local syncretic origins .
Aspen	An aspen stake was believed to be one of the few weapons suitable to kill a vampire .
Aspen	By the same token , a bigger stake could be driven into the grave of people condemned to damnation , so as to prevent them from rising from the dead .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	ACF Fiorentina , commonly referred to as simply Fiorentina , is a professional Italian football club from Florence , Tuscany .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Founded by a merger in 1926 ( refounded in 2002 ) , Fiorentina have played at the top level of Italian football for the majority of their existence ; only four clubs have played in more Serie A seasons .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina have won two Italian Championships , in 1955-56 and again in 1968-69 , as well as winning six Coppa Italia trophies and one Italian Super Cup .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	On the European stage , Fiorentina won the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup in 1960-61 and lost the final one year later .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	They finished runners-up in the 1956-57 European Cup , losing against Real Madrid , and also came close to winning the UEFA Cup , finishing as runners-up in the 1989-90 season .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Since 1931 , the club have played at the Stadio Artemio Franchi , which currently has a capacity of 47,282 .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The stadium has used several names over the years and has undergone several renovations .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina are known widely by the nickname Viola , a reference to their distinctive purple colors .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Associazione Calcio Fiorentina was founded in the autumn of 1926 by local noble and National Fascist Party member Luigi Ridolfi , who initiated the merger of two older Florentine clubs , CS Firenze and PG Libertas .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The aim of the merger was to give Florence a strong club to rival those of the more dominant Italian Football Championship sides of the time from Northwest Italy .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Also influential was the cultural revival and rediscovery of Calcio Fiorentino , an ancestor of modern football that was played by members of the Medici family .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	After a rough start and three seasons in lower leagues , Fiorentina reached the Serie A in 1931 .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	That same year saw the opening of the new stadium , originally named Giovanni Berta , after a prominent fascist , but now known as Stadio Artemio Franchi .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	At the time , the stadium was a masterpiece of engineering , and its inauguration was monumental .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In order to be able to compete with the best teams in Italy , Fiorentina strengthened their team with some new players , notably the Uruguayan Pedro Petrone , nicknamed el Artillero .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Despite enjoying a good season and finishing in fourth place , Fiorentina were relegated the following year , although they would return quickly to Serie A. In 1941 they won their first Coppa Italia , but the team were unable to build on their success during the 1940s because of World War II and other troubles .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In 1950 Fiorentina started to achieve consistent top-five finishes in the domestic league .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The team consisted of great players such as well-known goalkeeper Giuliano Sarti , Sergio Cervato , Francesco Rosella , Guido Gratton , Giuseppe Chiappella and Aldo Scaramucci , but above all the attacking duo of Brazilian Julinho and Argentinian Miguel Montuori .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	This team won Fiorentina 's first scudetto ( Italian championship ) in 1955-56 , 12 points ahead of second-place Milan .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Milan beat Fiorentina to top spot the following year , but more significantly Fiorentina became the first Italian team to play in a European Cup final , when a disputed penalty led to a 2-0 defeat at the hands of by Alfredo di Stéfano 's Real Madrid .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina were runners-up again in the three subsequent seasons .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In the 1960-61 season the club won the Coppa Italia again and was also successful in Europe , winning the first Cup Winners ' Cup against Rangers .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	After several years of runner-up finishes , Fiorentina dropped away slightly in the 1960s , bouncing from 4th to 6th place , although the club won the Coppa Italia and the Mitropa Cup in 1966 .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	While the 1960s did result in some trophies and good Serie A finishes for Fiorentina , nobody believed that the club could challenge for the title .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The 1968-69 season started with Milan as frontrunners , but on match day 7 they lost to Bologna and were overtaken by Gigi Riva 's Cagliari .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina , after an unimpressive start , then moved to the top of the Serie A , but the first half of their season finished with a 2-2 draw against Varese , leaving Cagliari as outright league leader .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The second half of the season was a three-way battle between the three contending teams , Milan , Cagliari and Fiorentina .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Milan fell away , instead focusing their efforts on the European Cup , and it seemed that Cagliari would retain top spot , but after losing against Juventus , Fiorentina took over at the top .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The team then won all of their remaining matches , beating rivals Juve in Turin on the penultimate matchday to seal their second , and last , national title .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In the European Cup competition the following year , Fiorentina had some good results , including a win in the Soviet Union against Dynamo Kyiv , but they were eventually knocked out in the quarter-finals after a 3-0 defeat in Glasgow to Celtic .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Viola players began the 1970s decade with Scudetto sewed on their breast , but the period was not especially fruitful for the team .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	After a fifth place finish in 1971 , they finished in mid-table almost every year , even flirting with relegation in 1972 and 1978 .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The Viola did win the Anglo-Italian League Cup in 1974 and won the Coppa Italia again in 1975 .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The team consisted of young talents like Vincenzo Guerini and Moreno Roggi , who had the misfortune to suffer bad injuries , and above all Giancarlo Antognoni , who would later become an idol to Fiorentina 's fans .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The young average age of the players led to the team being called Fiorentina Ye-Ye .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In 1980 , Fiorentina was bought by Flavio Pontello , from a rich house-builder family .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	He quickly changed the team 's anthem and logo , leading to some complaints by the fans , but he started to bring in high-quality players such as Francesco Graziani and Eraldo Pecci from Torino , Daniel Bertoni from Sevilla , Daniele Massaro from Monza and a young Pietro Vierchowod from Sampdoria .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The team was built around Giancarlo Antognoni , and in 1982 , Fiorentina were involved in an exciting duel with rivals Juventus .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	After a bad injury to Antognoni , the league title was decided on the final day of the season , when Fiorentina were denied a goal against Cagliari and were unable to win .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Juventus won the title with a disputed penalty , and the rivalry between the two teams erupted .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The following years were strange for Fiorentina , who vacillated between high finishes and relegation battles .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina also bought two interesting players , El Puntero Ramón Díaz and , most significantly , the young Roberto Baggio .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In 1990 , Fiorentina fought to avoid relegation right up until the final day of the season , but did reach the UEFA Cup final , where they again faced Juventus .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The Turin team won the trophy , but Fiorentina 's tifosi once again had real cause for complaint : the second leg of the final was played in Avellino ( Fiorentina 's home ground was suspended ) , a city with a lot of Juventus ' fans , and emerging star Roberto Baggio was sold to the rival team on the day of the final .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Pontello , suffering from economic difficulties , was selling all the players and was forced to leave the club after serious riots in Florence 's streets .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The club was then acquired by the famous filmmaker Mario Cecchi Gori .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The first season under Cecchi Gori 's ownership was one of stabilization , after which the new chairman started to sign some good players like Brian Laudrup , Stefan Effenberg , Francesco Baiano and , most importantly , Gabriel Batistuta , who became an iconic player for the team during the 1990s .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In 1993 , however , Cecchi Gori died and was succeeded as chairman by his son , Vittorio .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Despite a good start to the season , Cecchi Gori fired the coach , Luigi Radice , after a defeat against Atalanta , and replaced him with Aldo Agroppi .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The results were dreadful : Fiorentina fell into the bottom half of the standings and were relegated on the last day of the season .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Claudio Ranieri was brought in as coach for the 1993-94 season , and that year , Fiorentina dominated Serie B ( second division ) .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Upon their return to Serie A , Ranieri put together a good team centred around new top scorer Batistuta , signing the young talent Rui Costa from Benfica and the new world champion Brazilian defender Márcio Santos .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The former became an idol to Fiorentina fans , while the second disappointed and was sold after only a season .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The Viola finished the season in 10th .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The following season , Cecchi Gori bought other important players like Stefan Schwarz .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The club again proved its mettle in cup competitions , winning the Coppa Italia against Atalanta and finished joint third in Serie A. In the summer , Fiorentina was the first non-national champion to win the Supercoppa Italiana , defeating Milan 2-1 at the San Siro .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina 's 1995-96 season was disappointing in the league , but they did reach the Cup Winners ' Cup semi-final by beating Gloria Bistrita , Sparta Prague , and Benfica .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The team lost the semi-final to the eventual winner of the competition , Barcelona ( Away 1-1 , Home 0-2 ) .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The season 's main signings were Luís Oliveira and Andrei Kanchelskis , the latter of whom suffered a lot of injuries .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	At the end of the season , Ranieri left Fiorentina for Valencia , and Cecchi Gori appointed Alberto Malesani .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina played well but struggled against smaller teams , although they did manage to qualify for the UEFA Cup .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Malesani left Fiorentina after only a season and was succeeded by Giovanni Trapattoni .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	With Trapattoni 's expert guidance and Batistuta 's goals , Fiorentina challenged for the title in 1998-99 but finished the season in third , earning them qualification for the Champions League .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The following year was disappointing in Serie A , but Viola played some historical matches in Champions League , beating Arsenal 1-0 at the old Wembley Stadium and Manchester United 2-0 in Florence .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	They were ultimately eliminated in the second group stage .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	At the end of the season , Trapattoni left the club and was replaced by Turkish coach Fatih Terim .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	More significantly , however , Batistuta was sold to Roma , who eventually won the title the following year .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina played well in 2000-01 and stayed in the top half of Serie A , despite the resignation of Terim and the arrival of Roberto Mancini .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	They also won the Coppa Italia for the sixth and last time .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The year 2001 heralded major changes for Fiorentina , as the terrible state of the club 's finances was revealed : they were unable to pay wages and had debts of around USD 50 million .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The club 's owner , Vittorio Cecchi Gori , was able to raise some more money , but even this soon proved to be insufficient resources to sustain the club .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina were relegated at the end of the 2001-02 season and went into judicially controlled administration in June 2002 .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	This form of bankruptcy ( sports companies can not exactly fail in this way in Italy , but they can suffer a similar procedure ) meant that the club was refused a place in Serie B for the 2002-03 season , and as a result effectively ceased to exist .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The club was promptly re-established in August 2002 as Associazione Calcio Fiorentina e Florentia Viola with shoe and leather entrepreneur Diego Della Valle as new owner , and was admitted into Serie C2 , the fourth tier of Italian football .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The only player to remain at the club in its new incarnation was Angelo Di Livio , whose commitment to club 's cause further endeared him to the fans .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Helped by Di Livio and 30-goal striker Christian Riganò , the club won its Serie C2 group with considerable ease , which would normally have led to a promotion to Serie C1 .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	However , due to the bizarre Caso Catania ( Catania Case ) the club skipped Serie C1 and was admitted into Serie B , something that was only made possible by the Italian Football Federation 's decision to resolve the Catania situation by increasing the number of teams in Serie B from 20 to 24 and promoting Fiorentina for `` sports merits . ''
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In the 2003 off-season , the club also bought back the right to use the Fiorentina name and the famous shirt design , and re-incorporated itself as ACF Fiorentina .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The club 's unusual double promotion was controversial , with some suggesting that Fiorentina did not deserve it .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The club , however , remained in Serie B and managed to finish the 2003-04 season in sixth place .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	This put the Viola in a two-legged playoff against Perugia ( the 15th-place finisher in Serie A ) for a top-flight place during the next season .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina completed their remarkable comeback by winning the match 2-1 on aggregate , with both goals scored by Enrico Fantini , to gain promotion back to Serie A. In their first season back in Italian football 's top flight , the club struggled to avoid relegation , only securing survival on the last day of the season and only avoiding a relegation playoff based on their head-to-head record against Bologna and Parma .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In 2005 , Della Valle decided to appoint Pantaleo Corvino as new sports director .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In 2005-06 , Fiorentina hired Cesare Prandelli as their new head coach and made several signings during the summer transfer market , most notably Palermo 's 20-goal striker Luca Toni and French goalkeeper Sébastien Frey .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The combination of captain Dario Dainelli and Czech international regular Tomáš Ujfaluši in defense , Cristian Brocchi as midfield ball winner , Martin Jorgensen on the wing , Stefano Fiore as playmaker and key marksman Toni , with Frey in goal , proved to be an outstanding force in Serie A , giving them a fourth place finish with 74 points and qualifying the team for the third qualifying round of the Champions League .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Toni scored 31 goals in 38 appearances , the first player to pass the 30-goal mark since Antonio Valentin Angelillo in the 1958-59 season , for which he was awarded the European Golden Boot .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	On 14 July 2006 , however , Fiorentina were relegated to Serie B due to their involvement in the 2006 Serie A match fixing scandal and given a 12-point penalty .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The team was reinstated to the Serie A on appeal , but with a 19-point penalty for the 2006-07 season .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The team 's UEFA Champions League place was also rescinded .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	After the start of the season , Fiorentina 's penalization was reduced from 19 points to 15 on appeal to the Italian courts .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Despite starting the 2006-07 season with a 15-point penalty , Fiorentina nevertheless managed to secure a place in the 2007-08 edition of the UEFA Cup .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The combination of Toni and Adrian Mutu proved to be one of Serie A 's most proficient strike partnerships , scoring 31 goals between them .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	While many doubted the potential of the Viola in the 2007-08 season due to Toni 's departure , Fiorentina had a sensational start to the season and were tipped by Marcello Lippi and other prominent names in football as a surprise challenger for the Scudetto .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	This form tailed off towards the middle of the season , however , with several disappointing losses in connection with a grievous family loss suffered by club manager Prandelli .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The club reached the semi-final of the UEFA Cup , where they were ultimately defeated by Rangers on penalties after two 0-0 ties .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The season ended on a high note as Fiorentina defeated Torino 1-0 on the final day of the season to secure a Champions League spot at the expense of Milan .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	That campaign ended in the group stages , however , with the club finishing third and securing a path to the UEFA Cup instead .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The 2008-09 season continued this success , a fourth place finish assuring Fiorentina 's spot in 2010 's Champions League playoffs .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The Viola also took part to the 2008-09 UEFA Champions League , reaching the group phase after defeating Slavia Prague in the third qualifying round , but the club did not manage to qualify to the knockout rounds and was successively eliminated from the 2008-09 UEFA Cup by Ajax .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In contrast to their Champions League campaign , La Viola remained in the top tier of the domestic league .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	A reversal of trends took place in the ongoing 2009-10 season , as the club saw a dip in their Serie A form , yet proved itself to be a surprise dark horse in Europe .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina started their domestic campaign strongly , trailing leaders Internazionale along with Juventus and Sampdoria earlier in the season , but steadily lost momentum and slipped to mid-table positions at the latter half of the season .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In Europe , the team got past Sporting Clube de Portugal in the qualifying rounds and drawn a tight group consisting of Olympique Lyonnais , Liverpool and Debrecen .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Losing their first away fixture against Lyon , many dismissed their chances of getting through , but the Italians staged a comeback with winning all their remaining matches , which included defeating Liverpool home and away .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The Viola qualified as group champions , but eventually succumbed to Bayern Munich due to away goals , in a controversial double encounter involving what was considered as poor refereeing .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Tom Henning Øvrebø , who led the first leg in Germany , was then lambasted by journalists and Italian footballing figures for his decisions , most notably allowing a Miroslav Klose offside goal ( that eventually fired Bayern through the next round ) , calling into attention the possible implementation of video replays in football .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Fiorentina also maintained a strong Coppa Italia campaign , reaching the semi-final before being defeated by the eventual winner Internazionale .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The domestic season ended on a sour note as the Viola failed to reach a European position .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	During this period , on 24 September 2009 , Andrea Della Valle resigned from his position as chairman of Fiorentina , and announced all duties would be temporarily transferred to Mario Cognini , Fiorentina 's vice president until a permanent position could be filled .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	On 26 October 2009 , Andrea Della Valle stepped down as chairman .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	The position is now vacant .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In June 2010 , the Viola bid farewell to long-time manager Prandelli ( by then the longest-serving coach in the team 's history ) , who was departing to coach the Italian national team , with Catania 's young Siniša Mihajlović replacing him .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	In 2012 , Mihajlović left to become the manager of Serbia .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	He was replaced with Vincenzo Montella .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	As of 16 January 2012 .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Note : Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules .
A.C.F._Fiorentina	Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality .
Aegyptosaurus	Aegyptosaurus ( \/ iːˌdʒɪptɵˈsɔrəs \/ ) meaning ` Egypt 's lizard ' , for the country in which it was discovered ( Greek sauros meaning ` lizard ' ) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur believed to have lived in what is now Africa , around 95 million years ago , during the mid - and late-Cretaceous Period ( Albian to Cenomanian stages ) .
Aegyptosaurus	Like most sauropods , it had a long neck and a small skull .
Aegyptosaurus	The animal 's long tail probably acted as a counterweight to its body mass .
Aegyptosaurus	Aegyptosaurus was a close relative of Argentinosaurus , a much larger dinosaur found in South America .
Aegyptosaurus	Aegyptosaurus was described by German paleontologist Ernst Stromer in 1932 .
Aegyptosaurus	Its fossils have been found in Egypt , Niger and in several different locations in the Sahara Desert .
Aegyptosaurus	All known examples were discovered before 1939 .
Aegyptosaurus	The fossils were stored together in Munich , but were obliterated when an Allied bombing raid destroyed the museum where they were kept in 1944 , during World War II .
Aegyptosaurus	It is possible that Aegyptosaurus was common prey for large predatory dinosaurs , such as Carcharodontosaurus and Spinosaurus .
Advaita_Vedanta	Other major sub-schools of Vedānta are Viśishṭādvaita and Dvaita ; while the minor ones include Suddhadvaita , Dvaitadvaita and Achintya Bhedabheda .
Advaita_Vedanta	Advaita ( literally , non-duality ) is a system of thought where `` Advaita '' refers to the identity of the Self ( Atman ) and the Whole ( Brahman ) .
Advaita_Vedanta	Recognition of this identity leads to liberation .
Advaita_Vedanta	Attaining this liberation takes a long preparation and training under the guidance of a guru .
Advaita_Vedanta	The key source texts for all schools of Vedānta are the Prasthanatrayi-the canonical texts consisting of the Upanishads , the Bhagavad Gita and the Brahma Sutras .
Advaita_Vedanta	The first person to explicitly consolidate the principles of Advaita Vedanta was Shankara Bhagavadpada , while the first historical proponent was Gaudapada , the guru of Shankara 's guru Govinda Bhagavatpada .
Advaita_Vedanta	According to Adi Śankara , knowledge of Brahman springs from inquiry into the words of the Upanişads , and the knowledge of Brahman that Sruti provides can not be obtained in any other way .
Advaita_Vedanta	Advaitins believe that suffering is due to Maya ( also known as Mithya or Vaitathya ) , and only knowledge ( called Jnana ) of Brahman can destroy Maya .
Advaita_Vedanta	When Maya is removed , there exists ultimately no difference between the Jiva and Brahman ( Isvara ) .
Advaita_Vedanta	Such a state of bliss when achieved while living is called Jivanmukta .
Advaita_Vedanta	While one is in the pragmatic level , one can worship God in any way and in any form , like Krishna or Ayyappa as he wishes ; Adi Shankara himself was a proponent of devotional worship or Bhakti .
Advaita_Vedanta	But Adi Shankara taught that while Vedic sacrifices , puja and devotional worship can lead one in the direction of jnana ( true knowledge ) they can not lead one directly to moksha .
Advaita_Vedanta	At best , they can serve as means to obtain moksha via shukla gati .
Advaita_Vedanta	Mahavakya , or `` the great sentences '' , state the unity of Brahman and Atman .
Advaita_Vedanta	There are many such sentences in the Vedas , however only one such sentence from each of the four Vedas is usually chosen .
Advaita_Vedanta	They are shown below .
Advaita_Vedanta	According to Śankara and others , anyone seeking to follow the philosophy of Advaita Vedānta must do so under the guidance of a Guru ( teacher ) .
Advaita_Vedanta	It is the teacher who through exegesis of Sruti and skillful handling of words generates a hitherto unknown knowledge in the disciple .
Advaita_Vedanta	The teacher does not merely provide stimulus or suggestion .
Advaita_Vedanta	The Guru must have the following qualities ( see Mundaka Upanishad 1.2.12 ) : 1 ) Śrotriya - must be learned in the Vedic scriptures and Sampradaya 2 ) Brahmaniṣṭhā - literally meaning ` established in Brahman ' ; must have realized the oneness of Brahman in everything , and in himself\/herself .
Advaita_Vedanta	The seeker must serve the Guru , and submit questions with all humility in order to remove all doubts ( see Bhagavad Gita 4.34 ) .
Advaita_Vedanta	By doing so , Advaita says , the seeker will attain Moksha ( ` liberation from the cycle of births and deaths ' ) .
Advaita_Vedanta	In the Indian religious and philosophical traditions , all knowledge is traced back to the Gods and to the Rishi who `` saw '' the Vedas .
Advaita_Vedanta	The following well known Sanskrit Verse among Smarthas provides the list of the early teachers of the Vedanta in their order , The paramparā lists , in order , Daiva-paramparā .
Advaita_Vedanta	Nārāyaṇa .
Advaita_Vedanta	Padmabhuva ( Brahmā ) Ṛṣi-paramparā .
Advaita_Vedanta	Vaśiṣṭha .
Advaita_Vedanta	Śakti .
Advaita_Vedanta	Parāśara .
Advaita_Vedanta	Vyāsa .
Advaita_Vedanta	Śuka .
Advaita_Vedanta	Mānava-paramparā .
Advaita_Vedanta	Gauḍapāda .
Advaita_Vedanta	Govinda bhagavatpāda .
Advaita_Vedanta	Śankara bhagavatpāda , and then Sankara 's four disciples .
Advaita_Vedanta	Padmapāda .
Advaita_Vedanta	Hastāmalaka .
Advaita_Vedanta	Toṭaka .
Advaita_Vedanta	Vārtikakāra ( Sureśvara ) and others .
Advaita_Vedanta	According to Adi Shankara , God , the Supreme Cosmic Spirit or Brahman is the One , the whole and the only reality ( Paramarthika Satyam ) .
Advaita_Vedanta	Other than Brahman , everything else , including the universe , material objects and individuals , are false .
Advaita_Vedanta	Brahman is at best described as that infinite , omnipresent , omnipotent , incorporeal , impersonal , transcendent reality that is the divine ground of all Being .
Advaita_Vedanta	Brahman is often described as neti neti meaning `` not this , not this '' because Brahman can not be correctly described as this or that .
Advaita_Vedanta	In fact , Brahman can never be known as an object of experience because it is the very subject that experiences everything .
Advaita_Vedanta	` It ' ( grammatically neutral , but exceptionally treated as masculine ) is the origin of this and that , the origin of forces , substances , all of existence , the undefined , the basis of all , unborn , the essential truth , unchanging , eternal , the absolute .
Advaita_Vedanta	How can it be properly described as something in the material world when itself is the basis of reality ?
Advaita_Vedanta	Brahman is also beyond the senses , it would be akin a blind man trying to correctly describe color .
Advaita_Vedanta	It , though not necessarily a form of physical matter , is the substrate of the material world , which in turn is its illusory transformation .
Advaita_Vedanta	Brahman is not the effect of the world , but its very cause .
Advaita_Vedanta	Brahman is said to be the purest knowledge itself , and is illuminant like a source of infinite light .
Advaita_Vedanta	Due to ignorance ( avidyā ) , the Brahman is visible as the material world and its objects ( nama rupa vikara ) .
Advaita_Vedanta	The actual Brahman is attributeless and formless ( see Nirguna Brahman ) .
Advaita_Vedanta	It is the Self-existent , the Absolute and the Imperishable .
Advaita_Vedanta	Brahman is actually indescribable .
Advaita_Vedanta	It is at best Satchidananda ( merging `` Sat '' + `` Chit '' + `` Ananda '' , i.e. , Infinite Truth , Infinite Consciousness and Infinite Bliss ) .
Advaita_Vedanta	Also , Brahman is free from any kind of differences or differentiation .
Advaita_Vedanta	It does not have any sajātīya ( homogeneous ) differentiation because there is no second Brahman .
Advaita_Vedanta	It does not have any vijātīya ( heterogeneous ) differentiation because there is nobody in reality existing other than Brahman .
Advaita_Vedanta	It has neither svagata ( internal ) differences , because Brahman is itself homogeneous .
Advaita_Vedanta	Adi Shankara also proposed some logical proofs : Shruti - the Upanishads and the Brahma Sutras describe Brahman in almost exact manner as Adi Shankara .
Advaita_Vedanta	This is the testimonial proof of Brahman .
Advaita_Vedanta	Psychological - every person experiences his soul , or atman .
Advaita_Vedanta	According to Adi Shankara , Atman = Brahman .
Advaita_Vedanta	This argument also proves the omniscience of the Brahman .
Advaita_Vedanta	Essential - Brahman is the basis of this created world .
Advaita_Vedanta	Perceptible feeling - many people , when they achieve the turīya state , claim that their soul has become one with everything else .
Advaita_Vedanta	Georg Feuerstein summarizes the advaita realization as follows : Īsvara ( pronounced ( ˈiːʃvərə ) , literally , the Lord ) Parama Īshvara means `` The Supreme Lord '' - According to Advaita Vedanta , when man tries to know the attributeless Brahman with his mind , under the influence of Maya , Brahman becomes the Lord .
Advaita_Vedanta	Isvara is Brahman with Maya - the manifested form of Brahman .
Advaita_Vedanta	Adi Shankara uses a metaphor that when the `` reflection '' of the Cosmic Spirit falls upon the mirror of Maya , it appears as the Ishvara or Supreme Lord .
Advaita_Vedanta	The Ishvara is true only in the pragmatic level .
Advaita_Vedanta	God 's actual form in the transcendental level is the Cosmic Spirit .
Advaita_Vedanta	Ishvara can be described as Saguna Brahman or Brahman with attributes that may be regarded to have a personality with human and Godly attributes .
Advaita_Vedanta	This concept of Ishvara is also used to visualize and worship in anthropomorphic form deities such as Shiva , Vishnu or Devi by the dvaitins which leads to immense confusion in the understanding of a monistic concept of God apart from polytheistic worship of Vishnu , Shiva and Shakti in Hinduism .
Advaita_Vedanta	Now the question arises as to why the Ishvara created the world .
Advaita_Vedanta	If one assumes that Ishvara creates the world for any incentive , this slanders the wholeness and perfection of Ishvara .
Advaita_Vedanta	For example , if one assumes that Ishvara creates the world for gaining something , it would be against His perfection .
Advaita_Vedanta	If we assume that He creates for compassion , it would be illogical , because the emotion of compassion can not arise in a blank and void world in the beginning ( when only Ishvara existed ) .
Advaita_Vedanta	So Adi Shankara assumes that Creation is recreation or play of Ishvara .
Advaita_Vedanta	It is His nature , just as it is man 's nature to breathe .
Advaita_Vedanta	The sole proof for Ishvara that Adi Shankara gives is Shruti 's mentions of Ishvara , as Ishvara is beyond logic and thinking .
Advaita_Vedanta	This is similar to Kant 's philosophy about Ishvara in which he says that `` faith '' is the basis of theism .
Advaita_Vedanta	However , Adi Shankara has also given few other logical proofs for Ishvara , but warning us not to completely rely on them : The world is a work , an effect , and so must have real cause .
Advaita_Vedanta	This cause must be Ishvara .
Advaita_Vedanta	The world has a wonderful unity , coordination and order , so its creator must have been an intelligent being .
Advaita_Vedanta	People do good and sinful work and get its fruits , either in this life or after .
Advaita_Vedanta	People themselves can not be the giver of their fruits , as no one would give himself the fruit of his sin .
Advaita_Vedanta	Also , this giver can not be an unconscious object .
Advaita_Vedanta	So the giver of the fruits of Karma is Ishvara .
Advaita_Vedanta	See , Karma in Hinduism for more information .
Advaita_Vedanta	To think that there is no place for a personal God ( Ishvara ) in Advaita Vedanta is a misunderstanding of the philosophy .
Advaita_Vedanta	Ishvara is , in an ultimate sense , described as `` false '' because Brahman appears as Ishvara only due to the curtain of Maya .
Advaita_Vedanta	However , as described earlier , just as the world is true in the pragmatic level , similarly , Ishvara is also pragmatically true .
Advaita_Vedanta	Just as the world is not absolutely false , Ishvara is also not absolutely false .
Advaita_Vedanta	He is the distributor of the fruits of one 's Karma .
Advaita_Vedanta	Whenever we talk about Brahman , we are in fact talking about God .
Advaita_Vedanta	God is the highest knowledge theoretically possible .
Advaita_Vedanta	Devotion ( Bhakti ) will cancel the effects of bad Karma and will bring a person closer to the true knowledge by purifying his mind .
Advaita_Vedanta	Slowly , the difference between the worshipper and the worshipped decreases and upon true knowledge , liberation occurs .
Advaita_Vedanta	He wrote commentaries on the Prasthana Trayi .
Advaita_Vedanta	His main works are the commentaries on the Prasthanatrayi ( Brahma Sūtras , Bhagavad Gītā and the Upanishads ) and the Gaudapadiya Karikas .
Advaita_Vedanta	He also wrote a major independent treatise , called `` Upadeśa Sāhasrī '' , expounding his philosophy .
Advaita_Vedanta	The following well-known quote from Vivekacūḍāmaṇi , one of his Prakaraṇa graṃthas ( philosophical treatises ) succinctly summarizes his philosophy : In his metaphysics , there are three tiers of reality with each one more real than the previous .
Advaita_Vedanta	The category illusion in this system is unreal only from the viewpoint of the absolutely real and is different from the category of the Absolutely unreal .
Advaita_Vedanta	His system of vedanta introduced the method of scholarly exegesis on the accepted metaphysics of the Upanishads , and this style was adopted by all the later vedanta schools .
Advaita_Vedanta	Another distinctive feature of his work is his refusal to be literal about scriptural statements and adoption of symbolic interpretation where he considered it appropriate .
Advaita_Vedanta	In a famous passage in his commentary on the Brahmasutra 's of Badarayana , he says .
Advaita_Vedanta	Adi Sankara founded four Maṭhas ( Sanskrit : मठ ) to preserve and develop his philosophies , one each in the north , south , east and west of the Indian subcontinent , each headed by one of his direct disciples .
Advaita_Vedanta	The current heads of the mathas trace their authority back to these figures , and each of the heads of these four mathas takes the title of Shankaracharya ( `` the learned Shankara '' ) after Adi Sankara .
Advaita_Vedanta	The table below gives an overview of the four Amnaya Mathas founded by Adi Shankara and their details .
Advaita_Vedanta	According to the tradition in Kerala , after Sankara 's samadhi at Vadakkunnathan Temple his disciples founded four mathas in Thrissur , namely Naduvil Madhom , Thekke Madhom , Idayil Madhom and Vadakke Madhom .
A1_Grand_Prix	A1 Grand Prix ( A1GP ) was a ` single make ' open-wheel auto racing series .
A1_Grand_Prix	It was unique in its field in that competitors solely represented their nation as opposed to themselves or a team , the usual format in most formula racing series .
A1_Grand_Prix	As such , it was often promoted as the `` World Cup of Motorsport '' .
A1_Grand_Prix	The series was ratified by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile ( FIA ) and races were held in the traditional Formula One off-season , the northern hemisphere winter .
A1_Grand_Prix	The nation-based A1GP concept was founded by Sheikh Maktoum Hasher Maktoum Al Maktoum of Dubai , initially in 2003 .
A1_Grand_Prix	After a successful first season of A1GP , it was announced on 29 September 2006 that Maktoum was to sell his position as Chairman & Director of A1GP .
A1_Grand_Prix	The transfer of his share in the organization of A1 Grand Prix to RAB Capital was finalized in December 2006 .
A1_Grand_Prix	Tony Teixeira took control of the series in 2006 , leading it to liquidation by 2009 .
A1_Grand_Prix	There are currently plans to revive the series .
A1_Grand_Prix	Once the series had received the backing of the FIA , a management structure including new executive directors Brian Menell and Tony Teixeira were appointed to oversee the sale of franchises for the operation of international teams .
A1_Grand_Prix	Thirty franchises were made available ; twenty-three of them were restricted to specified nations , while the other seven were opened to tender for nations that had not been initially targeted .
A1_Grand_Prix	Twenty-five of the franchises were purchased in time for the 2005-06 A1 Grand Prix season , which began on 25 September 2005 with the A1 Grand Prix of Nations Great Britain at the Brands Hatch circuit in Kent , United Kingdom .
A1_Grand_Prix	The first season was planned for 12 rounds ( 24 races , with two each weekend ) ; however the cancellation of a race scheduled for Curitiba , Brazil in January 2006 reduced this number to 11 .
A1_Grand_Prix	Nelson Piquet , Jr. won the inaugural race of the series for A1 Team Brazil .
A1_Grand_Prix	Their winning form was not to continue .
A1_Grand_Prix	Wins at Estoril and Malaysia saw A1 Team France build up a sizeable gap .
A1_Grand_Prix	By the start of the winter break , France had run away with the lead with A1 Team Switzerland 28 points behind .
A1_Grand_Prix	At the final race of the season in Shanghai , A1 Team France were crowned the first-ever A1 Grand Prix world champions with 172 points .
A1_Grand_Prix	Switzerland were second with 121 points and A1 Team Great Britain third with 97 points .
A1_Grand_Prix	Katherine Legge was the first woman to drive A1 Grand Prix cars during test session in December 2005 on Dubai Autodrome .
A1_Grand_Prix	Changes were made for the 2006-07 season to race durations and distances to improve the spectacle for attendees and TV viewers .
A1_Grand_Prix	The 2006-07 schedule was released on 7 July 2006 , with the first race at Circuit Park Zandvoort on 1 October 2006 , and the last race at Brands Hatch on 29 April 2007 .
A1_Grand_Prix	New teams Team Singapore and Team Greece joined the competition but Team Turkey failed to secure funding for the season .
A1_Grand_Prix	Team Austria , Team Japan , Team Portugal and Team Russia did not return for the second season .
A1_Grand_Prix	However after securing funding Team Portugal competed in the final four rounds of the second season in South Africa , Mexico , China and Britain .
A1_Grand_Prix	Team Germany won it with 128 points , 35 points lead ahead of Team New Zealand .
A1_Grand_Prix	On 29 September , Sheikh Maktoum announced he was resigning his position as chairman and chief executive of the series , seeking to have his place taken by increased shareholder interests .
A1_Grand_Prix	Maktoum announced his intended resignation in September and his exit from the organization was confirmed in December .
A1_Grand_Prix	The 2008-09 season was the first season in which the new `` Powered by Ferrari '' A1GP car was used .
A1_Grand_Prix	According to 2007-08 champion Neel Jani , 90 % of teams in the paddock warned Teixeira ahead of time that this car change was untimely and an inefficient use of funds .
A1_Grand_Prix	Rule changes included shorter qualifying sessions , a pit-stop during the now longer Sprint Race , removal of limits on Friday test drivers , and reduced Sprint Race points scoring .
A1_Grand_Prix	The opening round of the season , scheduled as part of the already well established Nikon SuperGP race meeting , was canceled five days before practice was due to begin .
A1_Grand_Prix	With cars and series infrastructure still tied up in London and no comment forthcoming from A1GP , organisers in Australia were forced to announce the series would not appear at what had been a high profile addition to the A1 Grand Prix calendar .
A1_Grand_Prix	The event was underwritten by the Queensland state government , who have mentioned the possibility of taking legal recourse against A1 Grand Prix .
A1_Grand_Prix	The series was thrown into further doubt as more races were canceled , with an announcement made on 5 November 2009 stating that the races in China and Malaysia would not be taking place .
A1_Grand_Prix	The last race that was to be held in the season , the Dutch round , was switched for Superleague Formula .
A1_Grand_Prix	This put an end to the hopes the season would start and also put the future of the series in doubt .
A1_Grand_Prix	A1 Grand Prix used a unique qualifying format , which began at 14:00 local time on the Saturday of the race weekend , to determine the grid lineup for Sunday 's races , the Sprint Race and the Main Race .
A1_Grand_Prix	The qualifying period was split into four , ten-minute sessions .
A1_Grand_Prix	Each car was permitted three laps per session , including the laps required for leaving the pits , and for re-entering it .
A1_Grand_Prix	This allowed one lap to set a competitive time .
A1_Grand_Prix	There was a five minute break between sessions , which added up to a total of 55 minutes for qualifying .
A1_Grand_Prix	The grid for the Sprint Race was set based on the cars ' fastest time from either the first or the second session .
A1_Grand_Prix	The grid for the Feature Race was determined the same way , but using sessions three and four .
A1_Grand_Prix	However , if there was a red flag due to an accident on the circuit , the timing to the end of qualifying continued to run .
A1_Grand_Prix	The Sprint Race used the grid determined in sessions one and two of the previous day 's qualifying session , and was held in the early afternoon .
A1_Grand_Prix	The race began from a rolling start , and its duration was a maximum of 24 minutes plus one additional lap .
A1_Grand_Prix	Additionally , each team had to make one mandatory pit stop between laps four and eight .
A1_Grand_Prix	Drivers were permitted four uses of PowerBoost during the Sprint Race .
A1_Grand_Prix	The Feature Race used the grid determined in sessions three and four of the previous day 's qualifying session , and was held mid-afternoon .
A1_Grand_Prix	The race began from a standing start , and was a race of approximately 180 kilometres , with a maximum time limit of 69 minutes plus one lap .
A1_Grand_Prix	Teams had to make two mandatory pit stops during the Feature Race , one between laps eight and sixteen , and another during a pit window , which was not announced until the first window has closed .
A1_Grand_Prix	Drivers were permitted eight uses of PowerBoost during the Feature Race .
A1_Grand_Prix	Each team had to complete three compulsory pit stops over the course of the race weekend - one during the Sprint Race , and two during the Feature Race .
A1_Grand_Prix	During the pit stop , all four tires on the car had to be changed .
A1_Grand_Prix	A total of 8 mechanics could be used during the stop , however , only 4 were allowed to ` touch the car ' , none of which ( save the so-called `` lollipop man '' that directed the car into its pit ) could be present in the pit lane before the car came to a complete halt .
A1_Grand_Prix	Refuelling was also not permitted ; infringements of these rules or of the pit-lane speed limit resulted in the imposition of a drive-through penalty .
A1_Grand_Prix	At the end of Season 3 , A1GP released the results of the season 's pit stop times .
A1_Grand_Prix	Although having never won a race , A1 Team Australia had the fastest pit crew of all teams .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) to artists working in the motion picture industry .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The Best Picture category is the only category in which every member of the Academy is eligible not only to vote on the final ballot , but also to nominate .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	During the annual Academy Awards ceremony , Best Picture is reserved as the final award presented and , since 1951 , is collected at the podium by the film 's producers .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The Academy Award for Best Motion Picture is considered the most important of the Academy Awards , as it is the final award presented , and represents all the directing , acting , music composing and writing efforts put forth for a film .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The Grand Staircase columns at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles , where the Academy Awards ceremonies have been held since 2002 , showcase every film that has won the Best Picture title since the award 's inception 83 years ago .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	On June 14 , 2011 , AMPAS announced that the number of nominees would vary between five and ten films starting with the 2012 ceremony , provided that the film earned 5 % of first-place votes during the nomination process .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	At the 1st Academy Awards ceremony ( for 1927 and 1928 ) , there was no Best Picture award .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Instead , there were two separate awards , one called Most Outstanding Production , won by the epic Wings , and one called Most Artistic Quality of Production , won by the art film Sunrise .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The awards were intended to honor different and equally important aspects of superior filmmaking , and in fact the judges and the studio bosses who sought to influence their decisions paid more attention to the latter - MGM head Louis B. Mayer , who had disliked the realism of King Vidor 's The Crowd , another of the nominees ( the third was Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Schoedsack 's Chang ) pressured the judges not to honor his own studio 's film , and to select Sunrise instead .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The next year , the Academy instituted a single award called Best Production , and decided retroactively that the award won by Wings had been the equivalent of that award , with the result that Wings is often listed as the winner of a sole Best Picture award for the first year .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The title of the award was eventually changed to Best Picture for the 1931 awards .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	From 1944 to 2008 , the Academy restricted nominations to five Best Picture nominees per year .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	As of the 84th Academy Awards ceremony ( for 2011 ) , there have been 494 films nominated for the Best Picture award .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Invariably , the Academy Awards for Best Picture and Best Director have been very closely linked throughout their history .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Of the 84 films that have been awarded Best Picture , 62 have also been awarded Best Director .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Only three films have won Best Picture without their directors being nominated ( though only one since the early 1930s ) : Wings ( 1927\/28 ) , Grand Hotel ( 1931\/32 ) , and Driving Miss Daisy ( 1989 ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The only two Best Director winners to win for films which did not receive a Best Picture nomination are likewise in the early years : Lewis Milestone ( 1927\/28 ) and Frank Lloyd ( 1928\/29 ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	On June 24 , 2009 , AMPAS announced that the number of films nominated in the Best Picture award category would increase from five to ten , starting with the 82nd Academy Awards ( 2009 ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The expansion was a throwback to the Academy 's early years in the 1930s and 1940s , when anywhere between eight and 12 films were shortlisted ( or longlisted ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	`` Having 10 Best Picture nominees is going to allow Academy voters to recognize and include some of the fantastic movies that often show up in the other Oscar categories but have been squeezed out of the race for the top prize , '' AMPAS President Sid Ganis said in a press conference .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	`` I ca n't wait to see what that list of 10 looks like when the nominees are announced in February . ''
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	At the same time , the voting system was switched from first-past-the-post to Alternative Vote ( also known as Instant Run-off Vote ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	One point of contention is the lack of consideration of non-English language films for categories other than Best Foreign Language Film .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Very few foreign language films have been nominated for any other categories , regardless of artistic merit .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	To date , only eight foreign language films ( and three partly foreign language films ) have been nominated for Best Picture : Grand Illusion ( French , 1938 ) ; Z ( French , 1969 ) ; The Emigrants ( Swedish , 1972 ) ; Cries and Whispers ( Swedish , 1973 ) ; Il Postino ( Italian\/Spanish , 1995 ) ; Life Is Beautiful ( Italian , 1998 ) ; Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ( Mandarin Chinese , 2000 ) ; and Letters from Iwo Jima ( Japanese , 2006 ) , which was ineligible for the Best Foreign Language Oscar because it was an American production .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The only partly foreign language films to win Best Picture are The Godfather Part II ( English\/Sicilian , 1974 ) , The Last Emperor ( English\/Mandarin , 1987 ) and Slumdog Millionaire ( English\/Hindi , 2008 ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Another point of contention is the recent extreme bias toward 2-plus hour films : Crash ( 2005 , 112m ) is the shortest film to win Best Picture in the past 20 years .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	It has been criticized for ignoring films that were huge commercial and critical successes .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Furthermore , no animated film has won the award ( Disney 's Beauty and the Beast and Disney-Pixar 's Up and Toy Story 3 were nominated ) ; no science fiction film has won despite a number of successful nominees ; and only two comedies ( Shakespeare in Love , 1998 ; and The Artist , 2011 ) have won in the last 30 years .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	To date , twelve films exclusively financed outside the United States have won Best Picture ; eleven of which were financed , in part or in whole , by the United Kingdom .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Those films were , in chronological order : Hamlet , The Bridge on the River Kwai , Lawrence of Arabia , Tom Jones , A Man for All Seasons , Oliver !
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	, Chariots of Fire , Gandhi , The Last Emperor , Slumdog Millionaire and The King 's Speech .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The Artist is the twelfth Best Picture winner financed outside the United States and the only one of these financed outside of the United Kingdom .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	No Best Picture winner has been lost , though a few such as All Quiet on the Western Front and Lawrence of Arabia exist only in a form altered from their original , award-winning release form , usually due to editing for reissue ( and subsequently partly restored by archivists ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Other winners and nominees such as Tom Jones and Star Wars are widely available only in subsequently altered versions .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The 1928 film The Patriot is the only Best Picture nominee that is lost ; The Racket was believed lost for many years but a print existed in producer Howard Hughes ' archives and it has since been shown on Turner Classic Movies .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	In addition to being the only Best Picture winner to date financed entirely outside of the US or UK , The Artist was the first silent winner of a Best Picture or equivalent award since Wings and Sunrise , although a part-silent version of All Quiet on the Western Front was created for foreign-language release and survives .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The Artist was also the first silent nominee ( other than the silent version of a nominated talkie ) since The Patriot , as well as the first Best Picture winner shot entirely in black-and-white since 1960 's The Apartment .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	( Schindler 's List , the 1993 winner , was predominantly black-and-white but contained some brief color sequences . )
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	In the list below , the winner of the award for each year is shown first , followed by the other nominees .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Except for the early years ( when the Academy used a non-calendar year ) , the year shown is the one in which the film first premiered in Los Angeles County , California ; normally this is also the year of first release , but it may be the year after first release ( as with Casablanca and , if the film-festival premiere is considered , Crash ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	This is the year before the ceremony at which the award is given ; for example , a film exhibited theatrically during 2005 was eligible for consideration for the 2005 Best Picture Oscar , awarded in 2006 .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The number of the ceremony ( 1st , 2nd , etc. ) appears in parentheses after the awards year , linked to the article ( if any ) on that ceremony .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Each individual entry shows the title followed by the production company , and the producer .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	For foreign language films , the original title is also shown .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Until 1950 , the Best Picture award was given to the production company ; from 1951 on , it has gone to the producer .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	The official name of the award has changed several times over the years : For the first ceremony , three films were nominated for the award .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	For the following three years , five films were nominated for the award .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	This was expanded to eight in 1933 , to ten in 1934 , and to twelve in 1935 , before being dropped back to ten in 1937 .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	In 1945 it was reduced back to five .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	This number remained until 2010 , when it was once again raised to ten .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	For the first six ceremonies , the eligibility period spanned two calendar years .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	For example , the 2nd Academy Awards presented on April 3 , 1930 , recognized films that were released between August 1 , 1928 and July 31 , 1929 .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)	Starting with the 7th Academy Awards , held in 1935 , the period of eligibility became the full previous calendar year from January 1 to December 31 .
Alexander_the_Great	Born in Pella in 356 BC , Alexander was tutored by Aristotle until the age of 16 .
Alexander_the_Great	By the age of thirty , he had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world , stretching from the Ionian Sea to the Himalayas .
Alexander_the_Great	He was undefeated in battle and is considered one of history 's most successful commanders .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander succeeded his father , Philip II of Macedon , to the throne in 336 BC after Philip was assassinated .
Alexander_the_Great	Upon Philip 's death , Alexander inherited a strong kingdom and an experienced army .
Alexander_the_Great	He was awarded the generalship of Greece and used this authority to launch his father 's military expansion plans .
Alexander_the_Great	In 334 BC , he invaded Persian-ruled Asia Minor and began a series of campaigns that lasted ten years .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander broke the power of Persia in a series of decisive battles , most notably the battles of Issus and Gaugamela .
Alexander_the_Great	He subsequently overthrew the Persian King Darius III and conquered the entirety of the Persian Empire .
Alexander_the_Great	At that point , his empire stretched from the Adriatic Sea to the Indus River .
Alexander_the_Great	Seeking to reach the `` ends of the world and the Great Outer Sea '' , he invaded India in 326 BC , but was eventually forced to turn back at the demand of his troops .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander died in Babylon in 323 BC , without executing a series of planned campaigns that would have begun with an invasion of Arabia .
Alexander_the_Great	In the years following his death , a series of civil wars tore his empire apart , resulting in several states ruled by the Diadochi , Alexander 's surviving generals and heirs .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander 's legacy includes the cultural diffusion his conquests engendered .
Alexander_the_Great	He founded some twenty cities that bore his name , most notably Alexandria in Egypt .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander 's settlement of Greek colonists and the resulting spread of Greek culture in the east resulted in a new Hellenistic civilization , aspects of which were still evident in the traditions of the Byzantine Empire in the mid-15th century .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander became legendary as a classical hero in the mold of Achilles , and he features prominently in the history and myth of Greek and non-Greek cultures .
Alexander_the_Great	He became the measure against which military leaders compared themselves , and military academies throughout the world still teach his tactics .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander was born on the 6th day of the ancient Greek month of Hekatombaion , which probably corresponds to 20 July 356 BC , although the exact date is not known , in Pella , the capital of the Ancient Greek Kingdom of Macedon .
Alexander_the_Great	He was the son of the king of Macedon , Philip II , and his fourth wife , Olympias , the daughter of Neoptolemus I , king of Epirus .
Alexander_the_Great	Although Philip had seven or eight wives , Olympias was his principal wife for some time , likely a result of giving birth to Alexander .
Alexander_the_Great	Several legends surround Alexander 's birth and childhood .
Alexander_the_Great	According to the ancient Greek biographer Plutarch , Olympias , on the eve of the consummation of her marriage to Philip , dreamed that her womb was struck by a thunder bolt , causing a flame that spread `` far and wide '' before dying away .
Alexander_the_Great	Some time after the wedding , Philip is said to have seen himself , in a dream , securing his wife 's womb with a seal engraved with a lion 's image .
Alexander_the_Great	Plutarch offered a variety of interpretations of these dreams : that Olympias was pregnant before her marriage , indicated by the sealing of her womb ; or that Alexander 's father was Zeus .
Alexander_the_Great	Ancient commentators were divided about whether the ambitious Olympias promulgated the story of Alexander 's divine parentage , variously claiming that she had told Alexander , or that she dismissed the suggestion as impious .
Alexander_the_Great	On the day that Alexander was born , Philip was preparing a siege on the city of Potidea on the peninsula of Chalcidice .
Alexander_the_Great	That same day , Philip received news that his general Parmenion had defeated the combined Illyrian and Paeonian armies , and that his horses had won at the Olympic Games .
Alexander_the_Great	It was also said that on this day , the Temple of Artemis in Ephesus , one of the Seven Wonders of the World , burnt down .
Alexander_the_Great	This led Hegesias of Magnesia to say that it had burnt down because Artemis was away , attending the birth of Alexander .
Alexander_the_Great	Such legends may have emerged when Alexander was king , and possibly at his own instigation , to show that he was superhuman and destined for greatness from conception .
Alexander_the_Great	In his early years , Alexander was raised by a nurse , Lanike , sister of Alexander 's future general Cleitus the Black .
Alexander_the_Great	Later in his childhood , Alexander was tutored by the strict Leonidas , a relative of his mother , and by Philip 's general Lysimachus .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander was raised in the manner of noble Macedonian youths , learning to read , play the lyre , ride , fight , and hunt .
Alexander_the_Great	When Alexander was ten years old , a trader from Thessaly brought Philip a horse , which he offered to sell for thirteen talents .
Alexander_the_Great	The horse refused to be mounted and Philip ordered it away .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander however , detecting the horse 's fear of its own shadow , asked to tame the horse , which he eventually managed .
Alexander_the_Great	Plutarch stated that Philip , overjoyed at this display of courage and ambition , kissed his son tearfully , declaring : `` My boy , you must find a kingdom big enough for your ambitions .
Alexander_the_Great	Macedon is too small for you '' , and bought the horse for him .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander named it Bucephalas , meaning `` ox-head '' .
Alexander_the_Great	Bucephalas carried Alexander as far as India .
Alexander_the_Great	When the animal died ( due to old age , according to Plutarch , at age thirty ) , Alexander named a city after him , Bucephala .
Alexander_the_Great	When Alexander was 13 , Philip began to search for a tutor , and considered such academics as Isocrates and Speusippus , the latter offering to resign to take up the post .
Alexander_the_Great	In the end , Philip chose Aristotle and provided the Temple of the Nymphs at Mieza as a classroom .
Alexander_the_Great	In return for teaching Alexander , Philip agreed to rebuild Aristotle 's hometown of Stageira , which Philip had razed , and to repopulate it by buying and freeing the ex-citizens who were slaves , or pardoning those who were in exile .
Alexander_the_Great	Mieza was like a boarding school for Alexander and the children of Macedonian nobles , such as Ptolemy , Hephaistion , and Cassander .
Alexander_the_Great	Many of these students would become his friends and future generals , and are often known as the ` Companions ' .
Alexander_the_Great	Aristotle taught Alexander and his companions about medicine , philosophy , morals , religion , logic , and art .
Alexander_the_Great	Under Aristotle 's tutelage , Alexander developed a passion for the works of Homer , and in particular the Iliad ; Aristotle gave him an annotated copy , which Alexander later carried on his campaigns .
Alexander_the_Great	At age 16 , Alexander 's education under Aristotle ended .
Alexander_the_Great	Philip waged war against Byzantion , leaving Alexander in charge as regent and heir apparent .
Alexander_the_Great	During Philip 's absence , the Thracian Maedi revolted against Macedonia .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander responded quickly , driving them from their territory .
Alexander_the_Great	He colonized it with Greeks , and founded a city named Alexandropolis .
Alexander_the_Great	Upon Philip 's return , he dispatched Alexander with a small force to subdue revolts in southern Thrace .
Alexander_the_Great	Campaigning against the Greek city of Perinthus , Alexander is reported to have saved his father 's life .
Alexander_the_Great	Meanwhile , the city of Amphissa began to work lands that were sacred to Apollo near Delphi , a sacrilege that gave Philip the opportunity to further intervene in Greek affairs .
Alexander_the_Great	Still occupied in Thrace , he ordered Alexander to muster an army for a campaign in Greece .
Alexander_the_Great	Concerned that other Greek states might intervene , Alexander made it look as though he was preparing to attack Illyria instead .
Alexander_the_Great	During this turmoil , the Illyrians invaded Macedonia , only to be repelled by Alexander .
Alexander_the_Great	Philip and his army joined his son in 338 BC , and they marched south through Thermopylae , taking it after stubborn resistance from its Theban garrison .
Alexander_the_Great	They went on to occupy the city of Elatea , only a few days ' march from both Athens and Thebes .
Alexander_the_Great	The Athenians , led by Demosthenes , voted to seek alliance with Thebes against Macedonia .
Alexander_the_Great	Both Athens and Philip sent embassies to win Thebes ' favor , but Athens won the contest .
Alexander_the_Great	Philip marched on Amphissa ( ostensibly acting on the request of the Amphictyonic League ) , capturing the mercenaries sent there by Demosthenes and accepting the city 's surrender .
Alexander_the_Great	Philip then returned to Elatea , sending a final offer of peace to Athens and Thebes , who both rejected it .
Alexander_the_Great	As Philip marched south , his opponents blocked him near Chaeronea , Boeotia .
Alexander_the_Great	During the ensuing Battle of Chaeronea , Philip commanded the right wing and Alexander the left , accompanied by a group of Philip 's trusted generals .
Alexander_the_Great	According to the ancient sources , the two sides fought bitterly for some time .
Alexander_the_Great	Philip deliberately commanded his troops to retreat , counting on the untested Athenian hoplites to follow , thus breaking their line .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander was the first to break the Theban lines , followed by Philip 's generals .
Alexander_the_Great	Having damaged the enemy 's cohesion , Philip ordered his troops to press forward and quickly routed them .
Alexander_the_Great	With the Athenians lost , the Thebans were surrounded .
Alexander_the_Great	Left to fight alone , they were defeated .
Alexander_the_Great	After the victory at Chaeronea , Philip and Alexander marched unopposed into the Peloponnese , welcomed by all cities ; however , when they reached Sparta , they were refused , but did not resort to war .
Alexander_the_Great	At Corinth , Philip established a `` Hellenic Alliance '' ( modeled on the old anti-Persian alliance of the Greco-Persian Wars ) , which included most Greek city-states except Sparta .
Alexander_the_Great	Philip was then named Hegemon ( often translated as `` Supreme Commander '' ) of this league ( known by modern scholars as the League of Corinth ) , and announced his plans to attack the Persian Empire .
Alexander_the_Great	When Philip returned to Pella , he fell in love with and married Cleopatra Eurydice , the niece of his general Attalus .
Alexander_the_Great	The marriage made Alexander 's position as heir less secure , since any son of Cleopatra Eurydice would be a fully Macedonian heir , while Alexander was only half-Macedonian .
Alexander_the_Great	During the wedding banquet , a drunken Attalus publicly prayed to the gods that the union would produce a legitimate heir .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander fled Macedon with his mother , dropping her off with her brother , King Alexander I of Epirus in Dodona , capital of the Molossians .
Alexander_the_Great	He continued to Illyria , where he sought refuge with the Illyrian King and was treated as a guest , despite having defeated them in battle a few years before .
Alexander_the_Great	However , it appears Philip never intended to disown his politically and militarily trained son .
Alexander_the_Great	Accordingly , Alexander returned to Macedon after six months due to the efforts of a family friend , Demaratus the Corinthian , who mediated between the two parties .
Alexander_the_Great	In the following year , the Persian satrap ( governor ) of Caria , Pixodarus , offered his eldest daughter to Alexander 's half-brother , Philip Arrhidaeus .
Alexander_the_Great	Olympias and several of Alexander 's friends suggested this showed Philip intended to make Arrhidaeus his heir .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander reacted by sending an actor , Thessalus of Corinth , to tell Pixodarus that he should not offer his daughter 's hand to an illegitimate son , but instead to Alexander .
Alexander_the_Great	When Philip heard of this , he stopped the negotiations and scolded Alexander for wishing to marry the daughter of a Carian , explaining that he wanted a better bride for him .
Alexander_the_Great	Philip exiled four of Alexander 's friends , Harpalus , Nearchus , Ptolemy and Erigyius , and had the Corinthians bring Thessalus to him in chains .
Alexander_the_Great	In 336 BC , while at Aegae attending the wedding of his daughter Cleopatra to Olympias 's brother , Alexander I of Epirus , Philip was assassinated by the captain of his bodyguards , Pausanias .
Alexander_the_Great	As Pausanias tried to escape , he tripped over a vine and was killed by his pursuers , including two of Alexander 's companions , Perdiccas and Leonnatus .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander was proclaimed king by the nobles and army at the age of 20 .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander began his reign by eliminating potential rivals to the throne .
Alexander_the_Great	He had his cousin , the former Amyntas IV , executed .
Alexander_the_Great	He also had two Macedonian princes from the region of Lyncestis killed , but spared a third , Alexander Lyncestes .
Alexander_the_Great	Olympias had Cleopatra Eurydice and Europa , her daughter by Philip , burned alive .
Alexander_the_Great	When Alexander learned about this , he was furious .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander also ordered the murder of Attalus , who was in command of the advance guard of the army in Asia Minor and Cleopatra 's uncle .
Alexander_the_Great	Attalus was at that time corresponding with Demosthenes , regarding the possibility of defecting to Athens .
Alexander_the_Great	Attalus also had severely insulted Alexander , and following Cleopatra 's murder , Alexander may have considered him too dangerous to leave alive .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander spared Arrhidaeus , who was by all accounts mentally disabled , possibly as a result of poisoning by Olympias .
Alexander_the_Great	News of Philip 's death roused many states into revolt , including Thebes , Athens , Thessaly , and the Thracian tribes north of Macedon .
Alexander_the_Great	When news of the revolts reached Alexander , he responded quickly .
Alexander_the_Great	Though advised to use diplomacy , Alexander mustered the Macedonian cavalry of 3,000 and rode south towards Thessaly .
Alexander_the_Great	He found the Thessalian army occupying the pass between Mount Olympus and Mount Ossa , and ordered his men to ride over Mount Ossa .
Alexander_the_Great	When the Thessalians awoke the next day , they found Alexander in their rear and promptly surrendered , adding their cavalry to Alexander 's force .
Alexander_the_Great	He then continued south towards the Peloponnese .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander stopped at Thermopylae , where he was recognized as the leader of the Amphictyonic League before heading south to Corinth .
Alexander_the_Great	Athens sued for peace and Alexander pardoned the rebels .
Alexander_the_Great	The famous encounter between Alexander and Diogenes the Cynic occurred during Alexander 's stay in Corinth .
Alexander_the_Great	When Alexander asked Diogenes what he could do for him , the philosopher disdainfully asked Alexander to stand a little to the side , as he was blocking the sunlight .
Alexander_the_Great	This reply apparently delighted Alexander , who is reported to have said `` But verily , if I were not Alexander , I would like to be Diogenes . ''
Alexander_the_Great	At Corinth Alexander took the title of Hegemon ( `` leader '' ) , and like Philip , was appointed commander for the coming war against Persia .
Alexander_the_Great	He also received news of a Thracian uprising .
Alexander_the_Great	Before crossing to Asia , Alexander wanted to safeguard his northern borders .
Alexander_the_Great	In the spring of 335 BC , he advanced to suppress several revolts .
Alexander_the_Great	Starting from Amphipolis , he traveled east into the country of the `` Independent Thracians '' ; and at Mount Haemus , the Macedonian army attacked and defeated the Thracian forces manning the heights .
Alexander_the_Great	The Macedonians marched into the country of the Triballi , and defeated their army near the Lyginus river ( a tributary of the Danube ) .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander then marched for three days to the Danube , encountering the Getae tribe on the opposite shore .
Alexander_the_Great	Crossing the river at night , he surprised them and forced their army to retreat after the first cavalry skirmish .
Alexander_the_Great	News then reached Alexander that Cleitus , King of Illyria , and King Glaukias of the Taulanti were in open revolt against his authority .
Alexander_the_Great	Marching west into Illyria , Alexander defeated each in turn , forcing the two rulers to flee with their troops .
Alexander_the_Great	With these victories , he secured his northern frontier .
Alexander_the_Great	While Alexander campaigned north , the Thebans and Athenians rebelled once again .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander immediately headed south .
Alexander_the_Great	While the other cities again hesitated , Thebes decided to fight .
Alexander_the_Great	The Theban resistance was ineffective , and Alexander razed the city and divided its territory between the other Boeotian cities .
Alexander_the_Great	The end of Thebes cowed Athens , leaving all of Greece temporarily at peace .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander then set out on his Asian campaign , leaving Antipater as regent .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander 's army crossed the Hellespont in 334 BC with approximately 48,100 soldiers , 6,100 cavalry and a fleet of 120 ships with crews numbering 38,000 , drawn from Macedon and various Greek city-states , mercenaries , and feudally-raised soldiers from Thrace , Paionia , and Illyria .
Alexander_the_Great	He showed his intent to conquer the entirety of the Persian Empire by throwing a spear into Asian soil and saying he accepted Asia as a gift from the gods .
Alexander_the_Great	This also showed Alexander 's eagerness to fight , in contrast to his father 's preference for diplomacy .
Alexander_the_Great	After an initial victory against Persian forces at the Battle of the Granicus , Alexander accepted the surrender of the Persian provincial capital and treasury of Sardis and proceeded along the Ionian coast .
Alexander_the_Great	At Halicarnassus , in Caria , Alexander successfully waged the first of many sieges , eventually forcing his opponents , the mercenary captain Memnon of Rhodes and the Persian satrap of Caria , Orontobates , to withdraw by sea .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander left the government of Caria to Ada , who adopted Alexander .
Alexander_the_Great	From Halicarnassus , Alexander proceeded into mountainous Lycia and the Pamphylian plain , asserting control over all coastal cities to deny the Persians naval bases .
Alexander_the_Great	From Pamphylia onwards the coast held no major ports and Alexander moved inland .
Alexander_the_Great	At Termessos , Alexander humbled but did not storm the Pisidian city .
Alexander_the_Great	At the ancient Phrygian capital of Gordium , Alexander `` undid '' the hitherto unsolvable Gordian Knot , a feat said to await the future `` king of Asia '' .
Alexander_the_Great	According to the story , Alexander proclaimed that it did not matter how the knot was undone and hacked it apart with his sword .
Alexander_the_Great	After spending the winter campaigning in Asia Minor , Alexander 's army crossed the Cilician Gates in 333 BC , and defeated the main Persian army under the command of Darius III at the Battle of Issus in November .
Alexander_the_Great	Darius fled the battle , causing his army to collapse , and left behind his wife , his two daughters , his mother Sisygambis , and a fabulous treasure .
Alexander_the_Great	He offered a peace treaty that included the lands he had already lost , and a ransom of 10,000 talents for his family .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander replied that since he was now king of Asia , it was he alone who decided territorial divisions .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander proceeded to take possession of Syria , and most of the coast of the Levant .
Alexander_the_Great	In the following year , 332 BC , he was forced to attack Tyre , which he captured after a long and difficult siege .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander massacred the men of military age and sold the women and children into slavery .
Alexander_the_Great	When Alexander destroyed Tyre , most of the towns on the route to Egypt quickly capitulated , with the exception of Gaza .
Alexander_the_Great	The stronghold at Gaza was heavily fortified and built on a hill , requiring a siege .
Alexander_the_Great	After three unsuccessful assaults , the stronghold fell , but not before Alexander had received a serious shoulder wound .
Alexander_the_Great	As in Tyre , men of military age were put to the sword and the women and children sold into slavery .
Alexander_the_Great	Jerusalem instead opened its gates in surrender , and according to Josephus , Alexander was shown the book of Daniel 's prophecy , presumably chapter 8 , which described a mighty Greek king who would conquer the Persian Empire .
Alexander_the_Great	He spared Jerusalem and pushed south into Egypt .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander advanced on Egypt in later 332 BC , where he was regarded as a liberator .
Alexander_the_Great	He was pronounced the new `` master of the Universe '' and son of the deity of Amun at the Oracle of Siwa Oasis in the Libyan desert .
Alexander_the_Great	Henceforth , Alexander often referred to Zeus-Ammon as his true father , and subsequent currency depicted him adorned with rams horn as a symbol of his divinity .
Alexander_the_Great	During his stay in Egypt , he founded Alexandria-by-Egypt , which would become the prosperous capital of the Ptolemaic Kingdom after his death .
Alexander_the_Great	Leaving Egypt in 331 BC , Alexander marched eastward into Mesopotamia ( now northern Iraq ) and again defeated Darius , at the Battle of Gaugamela .
Alexander_the_Great	Darius once more fled the field , and Alexander chased him as far as Arbela .
Alexander_the_Great	Gaugamela would be the final and decisive encounter between the two .
Alexander_the_Great	Darius fled over the mountains to Ecbatana ( modern Hamedan ) , while Alexander captured Babylon .
Alexander_the_Great	From Babylon , Alexander went to Susa , one of the Achaemenid capitals , and captured its legendary treasury .
Alexander_the_Great	He sent the bulk of his army to the Persian ceremonial capital of Persepolis via the Royal Road .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander himself took selected troops on the direct route to the city .
Alexander_the_Great	He had to storm the pass of the Persian Gates ( in the modern Zagros Mountains ) which had been blocked by a Persian army under Ariobarzanes and then hurried to Persepolis before its garrison could loot the treasury .
Alexander_the_Great	On entering Persepolis , Alexander allowed his troops to loot the city for several days .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander stayed in Persepolis for five months .
Alexander_the_Great	During his stay a fire broke out in the eastern palace of Xerxes and spread to the rest of the city .
Alexander_the_Great	Possible causes include a drunken accident or deliberate revenge for the burning of the Acropolis of Athens during the Second Persian War .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander then chased Darius , first into Media , and then Parthia .
Alexander_the_Great	The Persian king no longer controlled his own destiny , and was taken prisoner by Bessus , his Bactrian satrap and kinsman .
Alexander_the_Great	As Alexander approached , Bessus had his men fatally stab the Great King and then declared himself Darius ' successor as Artaxerxes V , before retreating into Central Asia to launch a guerrilla campaign against Alexander .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander buried Darius ' remains next to his Achaemenid predecessors in a regal funeral .
Alexander_the_Great	He claimed that , while dying , Darius had named him as his successor to the Achaemenid throne .
Alexander_the_Great	The Achaemenid Empire is normally considered to have fallen with Darius .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander viewed Bessus as a usurper and set out to defeat him .
Alexander_the_Great	This campaign , initially against Bessus , turned into a grand tour of central Asia .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander founded a series of new cities , all called Alexandria , including modern Kandahar in Afghanistan , and Alexandria Eschate ( `` The Furthest '' ) in modern Tajikistan .
Alexander_the_Great	The campaign took Alexander through Media , Parthia , Aria ( West Afghanistan ) , Drangiana , Arachosia ( South and Central Afghanistan ) , Bactria ( North and Central Afghanistan ) , and Scythia .
Alexander_the_Great	Spitamenes , who held an undefined position in the satrapy of Sogdiana , in 329 BC betrayed Bessus to Ptolemy , one of Alexander 's trusted companions , and Bessus was executed .
Alexander_the_Great	However , when , at some point later , Alexander was on the Jaxartes dealing with an incursion by a horse nomad army , Spitamenes raised Sogdiana in revolt .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander personally defeated the Scythians at the Battle of Jaxartes and immediately launched a campaign against Spitamenes , defeating him in the Battle of Gabai .
Alexander_the_Great	After the defeat , Spitamenes was killed by his own men , who then sued for peace .
Alexander_the_Great	During this time , Alexander took the Persian title `` King of Kings '' ( Shahanshah ) and adopted some elements of Persian dress and customs at his court , notably the custom of proskynesis , either a symbolic kissing of the hand , or prostration on the ground , that Persians showed to their social superiors .
Alexander_the_Great	The Greeks regarded the gesture as the province of deities and believed that Alexander meant to deify himself by requiring it .
Alexander_the_Great	This cost him the sympathies of many of his countrymen , and he eventually abandoned it .
Alexander_the_Great	A plot against his life was revealed , and one of his officers , Philotas , was executed for failing to alert Alexander .
Alexander_the_Great	The death of the son necessitated the death of the father , and thus Parmenion , who had been charged with guarding the treasury at Ecbatana , was assassinated at Alexander 's command , to prevent attempts at vengeance .
Alexander_the_Great	Most infamously , Alexander personally killed the man who had saved his life at Granicus , Cleitus the Black , during a drunken argument at Maracanda .
Alexander_the_Great	Later , in the Central Asian campaign , a second plot against his life was revealed , this one instigated by his own royal pages .
Alexander_the_Great	His official historian , Callisthenes of Olynthus , was implicated in the plot ; however , historians have yet to reach consensus regarding this involvement .
Alexander_the_Great	Callisthenes had fallen out of favor by leading the opposition to the attempt to introduce proskynesis .
Alexander_the_Great	When Alexander set out for Asia , he left his general Antipater , an experienced military and political leader and part of Philip II 's `` Old Guard '' , in charge of Macedon .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander 's sacking of Thebes ensured that Greece remained quiet during his absence .
Alexander_the_Great	The one exception was a call to arms by Spartan king Agis III in 331 BC , whom Antipater defeated and killed in battle at Megalopolis the following year .
Alexander_the_Great	Antipater referred the Spartans ' punishment to Alexander , who chose to pardon them .
Alexander_the_Great	There was also considerable friction between Antipater and Olympias , and each complained to Alexander about the other .
Alexander_the_Great	In general , Greece enjoyed a period of peace and prosperity during Alexander 's campaign in Asia .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander sent back vast sums from his conquest , which stimulated the economy and increased trade across his empire .
Alexander_the_Great	However , Alexander 's constant demands for troops and the migration of Macedonians throughout his empire depleted Macedon 's manpower , greatly weakening it in the years after Alexander , and ultimately led to its subjugation by Rome .
Alexander_the_Great	After the death of Spitamenes and his marriage to Roxana ( Roshanak in Bactrian ) to cement relations with his new satrapies , Alexander turned to the Indian subcontinent .
Alexander_the_Great	He invited the chieftains of the former satrapy of Gandhara , in the north of what is now Pakistan , to come to him and submit to his authority .
Alexander_the_Great	Omphis , ruler of Taxila , whose kingdom extended from the Indus to the Hydaspes , complied , but the chieftains of some hill clans , including the Aspasioi and Assakenoi sections of the Kambojas ( known in Indian texts also as Ashvayanas and Ashvakayanas ) , refused to submit .
Alexander_the_Great	In the winter of 327\/326 BC , Alexander personally led a campaign against these clans ; the Aspasioi of Kunar valleys , the Guraeans of the Guraeus valley , and the Assakenoi of the Swat and Buner valleys .
Alexander_the_Great	A fierce contest ensued with the Aspasioi in which Alexander was wounded in the shoulder by a dart , but eventually the Aspasioi lost .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander then faced the Assakenoi , who fought in the strongholds of Massaga , Ora and Aornos .
Alexander_the_Great	The fort of Massaga was reduced only after days of bloody fighting , in which Alexander was wounded seriously in the ankle .
Alexander_the_Great	According to Curtius , `` Not only did Alexander slaughter the entire population of Massaga , but also did he reduce its buildings to rubble '' .
Alexander_the_Great	A similar slaughter followed at Ora .
Alexander_the_Great	In the aftermath of Massaga and Ora , numerous Assakenians fled to the fortress of Aornos .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander followed close behind and captured the strategic hill-fort after four bloody days .
Alexander_the_Great	After Aornos , Alexander crossed the Indus and fought and won an epic battle against King Porus , who ruled a region in the Punjab , in the Battle of the Hydaspes in 326 BC .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander was impressed by Porus 's bravery , and made him an ally .
Alexander_the_Great	He appointed Porus as satrap , and added to Porus ' territory land that he did not previously own .
Alexander_the_Great	Choosing a local helped him control these lands so distant from Greece .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander founded two cities on opposite sides of the Hydaspes river , naming one Bucephala , in honor of his horse , who died around this time .
Alexander_the_Great	The other was Nicaea ( Victory ) located at the site of modern day Mong , Punjab .
Alexander_the_Great	East of Porus ' kingdom , near the Ganges River , were the Nanda Empire of Magadha and further east the Gangaridai Empire of Bengal .
Alexander_the_Great	Fearing the prospect of facing other large armies and exhausted by years of campaigning , Alexander 's army mutinied at the Hyphasis River , refusing to march further east .
Alexander_the_Great	This river thus marks the easternmost extent of Alexander 's conquests .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander tried to persuade his soldiers to march further but his general Coenus pleaded with him to change his opinion and return ; the men , he said , `` longed to again see their parents , their wives and children , their homeland '' .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander eventually agreed and turned south , marching along the Indus .
Alexander_the_Great	Along the way his army conquered the Malli clans ( in modern day Multan ) , and other Indian tribes .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander sent much of his army to Carmania ( modern southern Iran ) with general Craterus , and commissioned a fleet to explore the Persian Gulf shore under his admiral Nearchus , while he led the rest back to Persia through the more difficult southern route along the Gedrosian Desert and Makran ( now part of southern Iran and Pakistan ) .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander reached Susa in 324 BC , but not before losing many men to the harsh desert .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander 's body was laid in a gold anthropoid sarcophagus , which was in turn placed in a gold casket .
Alexander_the_Great	According to Aelian , a seer called Aristander foretold that the land where Alexander was laid to rest `` would be happy and unvanquishable forever '' .
Alexander_the_Great	Perhaps more likely , the successors may have seen possession of the body as a symbol of legitimacy , since burying the prior king was a royal prerogative .
Alexander_the_Great	While Alexander 's funeral cortege was on its way to Macedon , Ptolemy stole it and took it to Memphis .
Alexander_the_Great	His successor , Ptolemy II Philadelphus , transferred the sarcophagus to Alexandria , where it remained until at least late Antiquity .
Alexander_the_Great	Ptolemy IX Lathyros , one of Ptolemy 's final successors , replaced Alexander 's sarcophagus with a glass one so he could convert the original to coinage .
Alexander_the_Great	Pompey , Julius Caesar and Augustus all visited the tomb in Alexandria .
Alexander_the_Great	The latter allegedly accidentally knocked the nose off the body .
Alexander_the_Great	Caligula was said to have taken Alexander 's breastplate from the tomb for his own use .
Alexander_the_Great	In c. AD 200 , Emperor Septimius Severus closed Alexander 's tomb to the public .
Alexander_the_Great	His son and successor , Caracalla , a great admirer , visited the tomb during his own reign .
Alexander_the_Great	After this , details on the fate of the tomb are hazy .
Alexander_the_Great	The so-called `` Alexander Sarcophagus '' , discovered near Sidon and now in the Istanbul Archaeology Museum , is so named not because it was thought to have contained Alexander 's remains , but because its bas-reliefs depict Alexander and his companions fighting the Persians and hunting .
Alexander_the_Great	It was originally thought to have been the sarcophagus of Abdalonymus ( died 311 BC ) , the king of Sidon appointed by Alexander immediately following the battle of Issus in 331 .
Alexander_the_Great	However , more recently , it has been suggested that it may date from earlier than Abdalonymus ' death .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander 's death was so sudden that when reports of his death reached Greece , they were not immediately believed .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander had no obvious or legitimate heir , his son Alexander IV by Roxane being born after Alexander 's death .
Alexander_the_Great	According to Diodorus , Alexander 's companions asked him on his deathbed to whom he bequeathed his kingdom ; his laconic reply was `` tôi kratistôi '' - `` to the strongest '' .
Alexander_the_Great	Arrian and Plutarch claimed that Alexander was speechless by this point , implying that this was an apocryphal story .
Alexander_the_Great	Diodorus , Curtius and Justin offered the more plausible story that Alexander passed his signet ring to Perdiccas , a bodyguard and leader of the companion cavalry , in front of witnesses , thereby nominating him .
Alexander_the_Great	Perdiccas initially did not claim power , instead suggesting that Roxane 's baby would be king , if male ; with himself , Craterus , Leonnatus , and Antipater as guardians .
Alexander_the_Great	However , the infantry , under the command of Meleager , rejected this arrangement since they had been excluded from the discussion .
Alexander_the_Great	Instead , they supported Alexander 's half-brother Philip Arrhidaeus .
Alexander_the_Great	Eventually , the two sides reconciled , and after the birth of Alexander IV , he and Philip III were appointed joint kings , albeit in name only .
Alexander_the_Great	Dissension and rivalry soon afflicted the Macedonians , however .
Alexander_the_Great	The satrapies handed out by Perdiccas at the Partition of Babylon became power bases each general used to bid for power .
Alexander_the_Great	After the assassination of Perdiccas in 321 BC , Macedonian unity collapsed , and 40 years of war between `` The Successors '' ( Diadochi ) ensued before the Hellenistic world settled into four stable power blocks : the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt , the Seleucid Empire in the east , the Kingdom of Pergamon in Asia Minor , and Macedon .
Alexander_the_Great	In the process , both Alexander IV and Philip III were murdered .
Alexander_the_Great	Diodorus stated that Alexander had given detailed written instructions to Craterus some time before his death .
Alexander_the_Great	Craterus started to carry out Alexander 's commands , but the successors chose not to further implement them , on the grounds they were impractical and extravagant .
Alexander_the_Great	Nevertheless , Perdiccas read Alexander 's will to his troops .
Alexander_the_Great	The testament called for military expansion into the southern and western Mediterranean , monumental constructions , and the intermixing of Eastern and Western populations .
Alexander_the_Great	It included : Construction of a monumental tomb for his father Philip , `` to match the greatest of the pyramids of Egypt '' Erection of great temples in Delos , Delphi , Dodona , Dium , Amphipolis , and a monumental temple to Athena at Troy .
Alexander_the_Great	Conquest of Arabia and the entire Mediterranean Basin .
Alexander_the_Great	Circumnavigation of Africa .
Alexander_the_Great	Development of cities and the `` transplant of populations from Asia to Europe and in the opposite direction from Europe to Asia , in order to bring the largest continent to common unity and to friendship by means of intermarriage and family ties . ''
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander earned the epithet `` the Great '' due to his unparalleled success as a military commander .
Alexander_the_Great	He never lost a battle , despite typically being outnumbered .
Alexander_the_Great	This was due to use of terrain , phalanx and cavalry tactics , bold strategy , and the fierce loyalty of his troops .
Alexander_the_Great	The Macedonian phalanx , armed with the sarissa , a spear 6 metres ( 20 ft ) long , had been developed and perfected by Philip II through rigorous training , and Alexander used its speed and maneuverability to great effect against larger but more disparate Persian forces .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander also recognized the potential for disunity among his diverse army , which employed various languages and weapons .
Alexander_the_Great	He overcame this by being personally involved in battle , in the manner of a Macedonian king .
Alexander_the_Great	In his first battle in Asia , at Granicus , Alexander used only a small part of his forces , perhaps 13,000 infantry with 5,000 cavalry , against a much larger Persian force of 40,000 .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander placed the phalanx at the center and cavalry and archers on the wings , so that his line matched the length of the Persian cavalry line , about 3 km ( 1.86 mi ) .
Alexander_the_Great	By contrast , the Persian infantry was stationed behind its cavalry .
Alexander_the_Great	This ensured that Alexander would not be outflanked , while his phalanx , armed with long pikes , had a considerable advantage over the Persian 's scimitars and javelins .
Alexander_the_Great	Macedonian losses were negligible compared to those of the Persians .
Alexander_the_Great	At Issus in 333 BC , his first confrontation with Darius , he used the same deployment , and again the central phalanx pushed through .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander personally led the charge in the center , routing the opposing army .
Alexander_the_Great	At the decisive encounter with Darius at Gaugamela , Darius equipped his chariots with scythes on the wheels to break up the phalanx and equipped his cavalry with pikes .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander arranged a double phalanx , with the center advancing at an angle , parting when the chariots bore down and then reforming .
Alexander_the_Great	The advance was successful and broke Darius ' center , causing the latter to flee once again .
Alexander_the_Great	When faced with opponents who used unfamiliar fighting techniques , such as in Central Asia and India , Alexander adapted his forces to his opponents ' style .
Alexander_the_Great	Thus , in Bactria and Sogdiana , Alexander successfully used his javelin throwers and archers to prevent outflanking movements , while massing his cavalry at the center .
Alexander_the_Great	In India , confronted by Porus ' elephant corps , the Macedonians opened their ranks to envelop the elephants and used their sarissas to strike upwards and dislodge the elephants ' handlers .
Alexander_the_Great	Greek biographer Plutarch ( ca .
Alexander_the_Great	45-120 AD ) describes Alexander 's appearance as : Greek historian Arrian ( Lucius Flavius Arrianus ` Xenophon ' ca .
Alexander_the_Great	86 - 160 ) described Alexander as : The semi-legendary Alexander Romance suggests that Alexander suffered from heterochromia iridum : that one was dark and the other light .
Alexander_the_Great	British historian Peter Green provided a description of Alexander 's appearance , based on his review of statues and some ancient documents : Ancient authors recorded that Alexander was so pleased with portraits of himself created by Lysippos that he forbade other sculptors from crafting his image .
Alexander_the_Great	Lysippos had often used the Contrapposto sculptural scheme to portray Alexander and other characters such as Apoxyomenos , Hermes and Eros .
Alexander_the_Great	Lysippos ' sculpture , famous for its naturalism , as opposed to a stiffer , more static pose , is thought to be the most faithful depiction .
Alexander_the_Great	Some of Alexander 's strongest personality traits formed in response to his parents .
Alexander_the_Great	His mother had huge ambitions , and encouraged him to believe it was his destiny to conquer the Persian Empire .
Alexander_the_Great	Olympias ' influence instilled a sense of destiny in him , and Plutarch tells us that his ambition `` kept his spirit serious and lofty in advance of his years '' .
Alexander_the_Great	However , his father Philip was Alexander 's most immediate and influential role model , as the young Alexander watched him campaign practically every year , winning victory after victory while ignoring severe wounds .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander 's relationship with his father forged the competitive side of his personality ; he had a need to out-do his father , illustrated by his reckless behavior in battle .
Alexander_the_Great	While Alexander worried that his father would leave him `` no great or brilliant achievement to be displayed to the world '' , he also downplayed his father 's achievements to his companions .
Alexander_the_Great	According to Plutarch , among Alexander 's traits were a violent temper and rash , impulsive nature , which undoubtedly contributed to some of his decisions .
Alexander_the_Great	Although Alexander was stubborn and did not respond well to orders from his father , he was open to reasoned debate .
Alexander_the_Great	He had a calmer side-perceptive , logical , and calculating .
Alexander_the_Great	He had a great desire for knowledge , a love for philosophy , and was an avid reader .
Alexander_the_Great	This was no doubt in part due to Aristotle 's tutelage ; Alexander was intelligent and quick to learn .
Alexander_the_Great	His intelligent and rational side was amply demonstrated by his ability and success as a general .
Alexander_the_Great	He had great self-restraint in `` pleasures of the body '' , in contrast with his lack of self control with alcohol .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander was erudite and patronized both arts and sciences .
Alexander_the_Great	However , he had little interest in sports or the Olympic games ( unlike his father ) , seeking only the Homeric ideals of honor ( timê ) and glory ( kudos ) .
Alexander_the_Great	He had great charisma and force of personality , characteristics which made him a great leader .
Alexander_the_Great	His unique abilities were further demonstrated by the inability of any of his generals to unite Macedonia and retain the Empire after his death - only Alexander had the ability to do so .
Alexander_the_Great	During his final years , and especially after the death of Hephaestion , Alexander began to exhibit signs of megalomania and paranoia .
Alexander_the_Great	His extraordinary achievements , coupled with his own ineffable sense of destiny and the flattery of his companions , may have combined to produce this effect .
Alexander_the_Great	His delusions of grandeur are readily visible in his testament and in his desire to conquer the world .
Alexander_the_Great	He appears to have believed himself a deity , or at least sought to deify himself .
Alexander_the_Great	Olympias always insisted to him that he was the son of Zeus , a theory apparently confirmed to him by the oracle of Amun at Siwa .
Alexander_the_Great	He began to identify himself as the son of Zeus-Ammon .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander adopted elements of Persian dress and customs at court , notably proskynesis , a practice that Macedonians disapproved , and were loath to perform .
Alexander_the_Great	This behavior cost him the sympathies of many of his countrymen .
Alexander_the_Great	However , Alexander also was a pragmatic ruler who understood the difficulties of ruling culturally disparate peoples , many of whom lived in kingdoms where the king was divine .
Alexander_the_Great	Thus , rather than megalomania , his behavior may simply have been a practical attempt at strengthening his rule and keeping his empire together .
Alexander_the_Great	The central personal relationship of Alexander 's life was with his friend , general , and bodyguard Hephaestion , the son of a Macedonian noble .
Alexander_the_Great	Hephaestion 's death devastated Alexander .
Alexander_the_Great	This event may have contributed to Alexander 's failing health and detached mental state during his final months .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander married twice : Roxana , daughter of the Bactrian nobleman Oxyartes , out of love ; and Stateira II , a Persian princess and daughter of Darius III of Persia , for political reasons .
Alexander_the_Great	He apparently had two sons , Alexander IV of Macedon of Roxana and , possibly , Heracles of Macedon from his mistress Barsine .
Alexander_the_Great	He lost another child when Roxana miscarried at Babylon .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander 's sexuality has been the subject of speculation and controversy .
Alexander_the_Great	No ancient sources stated that Alexander had homosexual relationships , or that Alexander 's relationship with Hephaestion was sexual .
Alexander_the_Great	Aelian , however , writes of Alexander 's visit to Troy where `` Alexander garlanded the tomb of Achilles and Hephaestion that of Patroclus , the latter riddling that he was a beloved of Alexander , in just the same way as Patroclus was of Achilles '' .
Alexander_the_Great	Noting that the word eromenos ( ancient Greek for beloved ) does not necessarily bear sexual meaning , Alexander may have been bisexual , which in his time was not controversial .
Alexander_the_Great	Green argues that there is little evidence in ancient sources that Alexander had much carnal interest in women ; he did not produce an heir until the very end of his life .
Alexander_the_Great	However , he was relatively young when he died , and Ogden suggests that Alexander 's matrimonial record is more impressive than his father 's at the same age .
Alexander_the_Great	Apart from wives , Alexander had many more female companions .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander accumulated a harem in the style of Persian kings , but he used it rather sparingly ; showing great self-control in `` pleasures of the body '' .
Alexander_the_Great	Nevertheless , Plutarch described how Alexander was infatuated by Roxana while complimenting him on not forcing himself on her .
Alexander_the_Great	Green suggested that , in the context of the period , Alexander formed quite strong friendships with women , including Ada of Caria , who adopted him , and even Darius 's mother Sisygambis , who supposedly died from grief upon hearing of Alexander 's death .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander 's most immediate legacy was the introduction of Macedonian rule to huge new swathes of Asia .
Alexander_the_Great	At the time of his death , Alexander 's empire covered some 5,200,000 km2 ( 2,000,000 sq mi ) , and was the largest state of its time .
Alexander_the_Great	Many of these areas remained in Macedonian hands or under Greek influence for the next 200-300 years .
Alexander_the_Great	The successor states that emerged were , at least initially , dominant forces , and these 300 years are often referred to as the Hellenistic period .
Alexander_the_Great	The eastern borders of Alexander 's empire began to collapse even during his lifetime .
Alexander_the_Great	However , the power vacuum he left in the northwest of the Indian subcontinent directly gave rise to one of the most powerful Indian dynasties in history .
Alexander_the_Great	Taking advantage of this , Chandragupta Maurya ( referred to in Greek sources as `` Sandrokottos '' ) , of relatively humble origin , took control of the Punjab , and with that power base proceeded to conquer the Nanda Empire .
Alexander_the_Great	Over the course of his conquests , Alexander founded some twenty cities that bore his name , most of them east of the Tigris .
Alexander_the_Great	The first , and greatest , was Alexandria in Egypt , which would become one of the leading Mediterranean cities .
Alexander_the_Great	The cities locations ' reflected trade routes as well as defensive positions .
Alexander_the_Great	At first the cities must have been inhospitable , little more than defensive garrisons .
Alexander_the_Great	Following Alexander 's death , many Greeks who had settled there tried to return to Greece .
Alexander_the_Great	However , a century or so after Alexander 's death , many of the Alexandrias were thriving , with elaborate public buildings and substantial populations that included both Greek and local peoples .
Alexander_the_Great	Hellenization was coined by the German historian Johann Gustav Droysen to denote the spread of Greek language , culture , and population into the former Persian empire after Alexander 's conquest .
Alexander_the_Great	That this export took place is undoubted , and can be seen in the great Hellenistic cities of , for instance , Alexandria , Antioch and Seleucia ( south of modern Baghdad ) .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander sought to insert Greek elements into Persian culture and attempted to hybridize Greek and Persian culture .
Alexander_the_Great	This culminated in his aspiration to homogenize the populations of Asia and Europe .
Alexander_the_Great	However , his successors explicitly rejected such policies .
Alexander_the_Great	Nevertheless , Hellenization occurred throughout the region , accompanied by a distinct and opposite ` Orientalization ' of the Successor states .
Alexander_the_Great	The core of Hellenistic culture was essentially Athenian .
Alexander_the_Great	The close association of men from across Greece in Alexander 's army directly led to the emergence of the largely Attic-based `` koine '' , or `` common '' Greek dialect .
Alexander_the_Great	Koine spread throughout the Hellenistic world , becoming the lingua franca of Hellenistic lands and eventually the ancestor of modern Greek .
Alexander_the_Great	Furthermore , town planning , education , local government , and art current in the Hellenistic period were all based on Classical Greek ideals , evolving into distinct new forms commonly grouped as Hellenistic .
Alexander_the_Great	Aspects of Hellenistic culture were still evident in the traditions of the Byzantine Empire in the mid-15th century .
Alexander_the_Great	Some of the most unusual effects of Hellenization can be seen in India , in the region of the relatively late-arising Indo-Greek kingdoms .
Alexander_the_Great	There , isolated from Europe , Greek culture apparently hybridized with Indian , and especially Buddhist , influences .
Alexander_the_Great	The first realistic portrayals of the Buddha appeared at this time ; they were modeled on Greek statues of Apollo .
Alexander_the_Great	Several Buddhist traditions may have been influenced by the ancient Greek religion : the concept of Boddhisatvas is reminiscent of Greek divine heroes , and some Mahayana ceremonial practices ( burning incense , gifts of flowers , and food placed on altars ) are similar to those practiced by the ancient Greeks .
Alexander_the_Great	Zen Buddhism draws in part on the ideas of Greek stoics , such as Zeno .
Alexander_the_Great	One Greek king , Menander I , probably became Buddhist , and was immortalized in Buddhist literature as ` Milinda ' .
Alexander_the_Great	The process of Hellenization extended to the sciences , where ideas from Greek astronomy filtered eastward and had profoundly influenced Indian astronomy by the early centuries AD .
Alexander_the_Great	For example , Greek astronomical instruments dating to the 3rd century BC were found in the Greco-Bactrian city of Ai Khanoum in modern-day Afghanistan while the Greek concept of a spherical earth surrounded by the spheres of planets was adopted in India and eventually supplanted the long-standing Indian cosmological belief into a flat and circular earth .
Alexander_the_Great	The Yavanajataka and Paulisa Siddhanta texts in particular show Greek influence .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander and his exploits were admired by many Romans , especially generals , who wanted to associate themselves with his achievements .
Alexander_the_Great	Polybius began his Histories by reminding Romans of Alexander 's achievements , and thereafter Roman leaders saw him as a role model .
Alexander_the_Great	Pompey the Great adopted the epithet `` Magnus '' and even Alexander 's anatole-type haircut , and searched the conquered lands of the east for Alexander 's 260-year-old cloak , which he then wore as a sign of greatness .
Alexander_the_Great	Julius Caesar dedicated an Lysippean equestrian bronze statue but replaced Alexander 's head with his own , while Octavian visited Alexander 's tomb in Alexandria and temporarily changed his seal from a sphinx to Alexander 's profile .
Alexander_the_Great	The emperor Trajan also admired Alexander , as did Nero and Caracalla .
Alexander_the_Great	The Macriani , a Roman family that in the person of Macrinus briefly ascended to the imperial throne , kept images of Alexander on their persons , either on jewelry , or embroidered into their clothes .
Alexander_the_Great	On the other hand , some Roman writers , particularly Republican figures , used Alexander as a cautionary tale of how autocratic tendencies can be kept in check by republican values .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander was used by these writers as an example of ruler values such as amicita ( friendship ) and clementia ( clemency ) , but also iracundia ( anger ) and cupiditas gloriae ( over-desire for glory ) .
Alexander_the_Great	Legendary accounts surround the life of Alexander the Great , many deriving from his own lifetime , probably encouraged by Alexander himself .
Alexander_the_Great	His court historian Callisthenes portrayed the sea in Cilicia as drawing back from him in proskynesis .
Alexander_the_Great	Writing shortly after Alexander 's death , another participant , Onesicritus , invented a tryst between Alexander and Thalestris , queen of the mythical Amazons .
Alexander_the_Great	When Onesicritus read this passage to his patron , Alexander 's general and later King Lysimachus reportedly quipped , `` I wonder where I was at the time . ''
Alexander_the_Great	In the first centuries after Alexander 's death , probably in Alexandria , a quantity of the legendary material coalesced into a text known as the Alexander Romance , later falsely ascribed to Callisthenes and therefore known as Pseudo-Callisthenes .
Alexander_the_Great	This text underwent numerous expansions and revisions throughout Antiquity and the Middle Ages , containing many dubious stories , and was translated into numerous languages .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander the Great 's accomplishments and legacy have been depicted in many cultures .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander has figured in both high and popular culture beginning in his own era to the present day .
Alexander_the_Great	The Alexander Romance , in particular , has had a significant impact on portrayals of Alexander in later cultures , from Persian to medieval European to modern Greek .
Alexander_the_Great	Alexander features prominently in modern Greek folklore , more so than any other ancient figure .
Alexander_the_Great	The colloquial form of his name in modern Greek ( `` O Megalexandros '' ) is a household name , and he is the only ancient hero to appear in the Karagiozis shadow play .
Alexander_the_Great	One well-known fable among Greek seamen involves a solitary mermaid who would grasp a ship 's prow during a storm and ask the captain `` Is King Alexander alive ? ''
Alexander_the_Great	.
Alexander_the_Great	The correct answer is `` He is alive and well and rules the world ! ''
Alexander_the_Great	, causing the mermaid to vanish and the sea to calm .
Alexander_the_Great	Any other answer would cause the mermaid to turn into a raging Gorgon who would drag the ship to the bottom of the sea , all hands aboard .
Alexander_the_Great	In pre-Islamic Persian ( Zoroastrian ) literature , Alexander is referred to by the epithet `` gojastak '' , meaning `` accursed '' , and is accused of destroying temples and burning the sacred texts of Zoroastrianism .
Alexander_the_Great	In Islamic Iran , under the influence of the Alexander Romance , a more positive portrayal of Alexander emerges .
Alexander_the_Great	Firdausi 's Shahnameh ( `` The Book of Kings '' ) includes Alexander in a line of legitimate Iranian shahs , a mythical figure who explored the far reaches of the world in search of the fountain of youth .
Alexander_the_Great	Later Persian writers associate him with philosophy , portraying him at a symposium with figures such as Socrates , Plato and Aristotle , in search of immortality .
Alexander_the_Great	The Syriac version of the Alexander Romance portrays him as an ideal Christian world conqueror who prayed to `` the one true God '' .
Alexander_the_Great	In Egypt , Alexander was portrayed as the son of Nectanebo II , the last pharaoh before the Persian conquest .
Alexander_the_Great	His defeat of Darius was depicted as Egypt 's salvation , `` proving '' Egypt was still ruled by an Egyptian .
Alexander_the_Great	The figure of Dhul-Qarnayn ( literally `` the Two-Horned One '' ) mentioned in the Quran is believed by some scholars to represent Alexander , due to parallels with the Alexander Romance .
Alexander_the_Great	In this tradition , he was a heroic figure who built a wall to defend against the nations of Gog and Magog .
Alexander_the_Great	He then traveled the known world in search for the Water of Life and Immortality , eventually becoming a prophet .
Alexander_the_Great	In India and Pakistan , more specifically the Punjab , the name `` Sikandar '' , derived from Persian , denotes a rising young talent .
Alexander_the_Great	In the medieval Europe he was created a member of the Nine Worthies , a group of heroes who encapsulated all the ideal qualities of chivalry .
Ashtown_Castle	Ashtown Castle is a fortified house in the Phoenix Park in Dublin .
Ashtown_Castle	It was found hidden within the walls of a much larger and more recent building that was being used by the Papal Nuncio until 1978 .
Ashtown_Castle	At that time , the more recent and larger building was deemed structurally irreparable due to dry rot .
Ashtown_Castle	But as that was being demolished , Ashtown castle was discovered .
Ashtown_Castle	It has now been restored and forms part of the Phoenix Park Visitor Centre .
Ashtown_Castle	It is thought to originally date from the 1430s , as it is built to dimensions that conform with a government policy of the time who offered # 10 to those who built a castle for their own safety .
Ashtown_Castle	The castle was later incorporated into the construction of Ashtown Lodge which was to serve as the official residence of the Under Secretary from 1782 .
Ashtown_Castle	The grounds in which Ashtown Castle is located has held a number of concerts in the past few years .
Arrangement_(music)	The American Federation of Musicians defines arranging as `` the art of preparing and adapting an already written composition for presentation in other than its original form .
Arrangement_(music)	An arrangement may include reharmonization , paraphrasing , and\/or development of a composition , so that it fully represents the melodic , harmonic , and rhythmic structure '' ( Corozine 2002 , p. 3 ) .
Arrangement_(music)	Orchestration differs in that it is only adapting music for an orchestra or musical ensemble while arranging `` involves adding compositional techniques , such as new thematic material for introductions , transitions , or modulations , and endings ... Arranging is the art of giving an existing melody musical variety '' ( ibid ) .
Arrangement_(music)	Arrangements and transcriptions of classical and serious music go back to the early history of this genre .
Arrangement_(music)	In particular music written for the piano frequently underwent this treatment .
Arrangement_(music)	The suite of ten piano pieces Pictures at an Exhibition by Modest Mussorgsky , has been arranged over twenty times , perhaps the most famous and notable being that of Maurice Ravel .
Arrangement_(music)	Due to his lack of expertise in orchestration , the American composer George Gershwin had his Rhapsody in Blue orchestrated and arranged by Ferde Grofé .
Arrangement_(music)	Arrangers in pop music recordings often add parts for orchestral or band instruments involving new material such that the arrangers may reasonably be considered co-composers , although for copyright and royalty purposes usually are not .
Arrangement_(music)	Rhythm section parts are usually improvised or otherwise invented by the performers themselves using chord symbols or a lead sheet as a guide .
Arrangement_(music)	( Rhythm section instruments usually include guitars , bass guitars , string basses , piano and other keyboard instruments , and drums . )
Arrangement_(music)	An existing pop song can be re-recorded with a different arrangement to the original .
Arrangement_(music)	As well as different instruments , the tempo , time signature and key signature may be altered , sometimes drastically so .
Arrangement_(music)	The end result is a song that retains familiar phrases and lyrics , but offers something new .
Arrangement_(music)	This practice was particularly popular in the late 1960s .
Arrangement_(music)	Well known examples of this include Joe Cocker 's version of The Beatles ' With a Little Help from My Friends , and Ike And Tina Turner 's version of Creedence Clearwater Revival 's Proud Mary .
Arrangement_(music)	The American group Vanilla Fudge and British group Yes based their early careers on radical re-arrangements of contemporary hits .
Arrangement_(music)	Some remixes , particularly in dance music , can also be considered re-arrangements in this style .
Arrangement_(music)	Jonathan Tunick is the most prominent arranger , being one of only twelve people to have won Oscar , Grammy , Emmy , and Tony awards .
Arrangement_(music)	In jazz an unscored collaborative arrangement is called a `` head arrangement '' ( Randel 2002 , p. 294 ; it is in the head of the musician ( s ) ) .
Arrangement_(music)	Big bands such as those of Duke Ellington ( at the very beginning of his career ) , Bennie Moten , and Count Basie performed head arrangements ( ibid ) .
Arrangement_(music)	Arrangements for small jazz combos are usually informal , minimal , and uncredited .
Arrangement_(music)	This was particularly so for combos in the bebop era .
Arrangement_(music)	In general , the larger the ensemble , the greater the need for a formal arrangement , although the early Count Basie big band was famous for its head arrangements , so called because they were worked out by the players themselves , memorized immediately and never written down .
Arrangement_(music)	Most arrangements for large ensembles , big bands , in the swing era , were written down , however , and credited to a specific arranger , as were later arrangements for the Count Basie big band by Sammy Nestico and Neal Hefti .
Arrangement_(music)	Don Redman made significant innovations in the pattern of arrangement in Fletcher Henderson 's orchestra in the 1920s .
Arrangement_(music)	He introduced the pattern of arranging melodies in the body of arrangements and arranging section performances of the big band .
Arrangement_(music)	Benny Carter became Fletcher 's main arranger in the early 30 's , moving on become as famous for his arranging expertise as his musicianship .
Arrangement_(music)	Billy Strayhorn was an arranger of great renown in the Duke Ellington orchestra beginning in 1938 .
Arrangement_(music)	Jelly Roll Morton is considered the earliest jazz arranger , writing down the parts when he was touring about 1912-1915 so that pick-up bands could play his compositions .
Arrangement_(music)	Big band arrangements are informally called charts .
Arrangement_(music)	In the swing era they were usually either arrangements of popular songs or they were entirely new compositions .
Arrangement_(music)	Duke Ellington 's and Billy Strayhorn 's arrangements for the Duke Ellington big band were usually new compositions , and some of Eddie Sauter 's arrangements for the Benny Goodman band and Artie Shaw 's arrangements for his own band were new compositions as well .
Arrangement_(music)	It became more common to arrange sketchy jazz combo compositions for big band after the bop era .
Arrangement_(music)	After 1950 , the big band trend declined in number .
Arrangement_(music)	However , several bands continued and arrangers provided renowned arrangements .
Arrangement_(music)	Gil Evans wrote a number of large-ensemble arrangements in the late fifties and early sixties intended for recording sessions only .
Arrangement_(music)	Other arrangers of note include Vic Schoen , Pete Rugolo , Oliver Nelson , Johnny Richards , Billy May , Thad Jones , Maria Schneider , Bob Brookmeyer , Steve Sample , Sr , Lou Marini , Nelson Riddle , Ralph Burns , Billy Byers , Gordon Jenkins , Ray Conniff , Henry Mancini , Gil Evans , Gordon Goodwin , and Ray Reach .
Arrangement_(music)	The string section is a body of instruments composed of various stringed instruments .
Arrangement_(music)	By the 19th Century orchestral music in Europe had standardized the string section into the following homogeneous instrumental groups : first violins , second violins , violas , cellos , and double basses .
Arrangement_(music)	The string section in a multi-sectioned orchestra is referred sometimes to as the `` string choir . ''
Arrangement_(music)	The harp is also a stringed instrument , but is not a member of or homogenous with the violin family and is not considered part of the string choir .
Arrangement_(music)	Samuel Adler classifies the harp as a plucked string instrument in the same category as the guitar ( acoustic or electric ) , mandolin , banjo , or zither .
Arrangement_(music)	Like the harp these instruments do not belong to the violin family and are not homogenous with the string choir .
Arrangement_(music)	In modern arranging these instruments are considered part of the rhythm section .
Arrangement_(music)	The electric string bass and upright string bass-depending on the circumstance-can be treated by the arranger as either string section or rhythm section instruments .
Arrangement_(music)	A group of instruments in which each member plays a unique part-rather than playing in unison with other like instruments-is referred to as a chamber ensemble .
Arrangement_(music)	A chamber ensemble made up entirely of strings of the violin family is referred to by its size .
Arrangement_(music)	A string trio consists of three players , a string quartet four , a string quintet five , and so on .
Arrangement_(music)	In most circumstances the string section is treated by the arranger as one homogenous unit and its members are required to play preconceived material rather than improvise .
Arrangement_(music)	A string section can be utilized on its own ( this is referred to as a string orchestra ) or in conjunction with any of the other instrumental sections .
Arrangement_(music)	More than one string orchestra can be utilized .
Arrangement_(music)	A standard string section ( vln. , vln 2. , vla. , vcl , cb . )
Arrangement_(music)	with each section playing unison allows the arranger to create a five-part texture .
Arrangement_(music)	Often an arranger will divide each violin section in half or thirds to achieve a denser texture .
Arrangement_(music)	It is possible to carry this division to its logical extreme in which each member of the string section plays his or her own unique part .
Arrangement_(music)	Artistic , budgetary and logistical concerns will determine the size and instrumentation of a string section .
Arrangement_(music)	Due to the large percussion section utilized in the Broadway musical West Side Story , composer Leonard Bernstein chose to utilize a string section without violas .
Arrangement_(music)	George Martin , producer and arranger for The Beatles , warns arrangers about the intonation issues when only two like instruments play in unison .
Arrangement_(music)	`` After a string quartet , '' Martin explains , `` I do not think there is a satisfactory sound for strings until one has at least three players on each line ... as a rule two stringed instruments together create a slight `` beat '' which does not give a smooth sound . ''
Arrangement_(music)	While any combination and number of string instruments is possible in a section , a traditional string section sound is achieved with a violin-heavy balance of instruments .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) to artists working in the motion picture industry .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The Best Picture category is the only category in which every member of the Academy is eligible not only to vote on the final ballot , but also to nominate .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	During the annual Academy Awards ceremony , Best Picture is reserved as the final award presented and , since 1951 , is collected at the podium by the film 's producers .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The Academy Award for Best Motion Picture is considered the most important of the Academy Awards , as it is the final award presented , and represents all the directing , acting , music composing and writing efforts put forth for a film .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The Grand Staircase columns at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles , where the Academy Awards ceremonies have been held since 2002 , showcase every film that has won the Best Picture title since the award 's inception 83 years ago .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	On June 14 , 2011 , AMPAS announced that the number of nominees would vary between five and ten films starting with the 2012 ceremony , provided that the film earned 5 % of first-place votes during the nomination process .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	At the 1st Academy Awards ceremony ( for 1927 and 1928 ) , there was no Best Picture award .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Instead , there were two separate awards , one called Most Outstanding Production , won by the epic Wings , and one called Most Artistic Quality of Production , won by the art film Sunrise .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The awards were intended to honor different and equally important aspects of superior filmmaking , and in fact the judges and the studio bosses who sought to influence their decisions paid more attention to the latter - MGM head Louis B. Mayer , who had disliked the realism of King Vidor 's The Crowd , another of the nominees ( the third was Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Schoedsack 's Chang ) pressured the judges not to honor his own studio 's film , and to select Sunrise instead .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The next year , the Academy instituted a single award called Best Production , and decided retroactively that the award won by Wings had been the equivalent of that award , with the result that Wings is often listed as the winner of a sole Best Picture award for the first year .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The title of the award was eventually changed to Best Picture for the 1931 awards .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	From 1944 to 2008 , the Academy restricted nominations to five Best Picture nominees per year .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	As of the 84th Academy Awards ceremony ( for 2011 ) , there have been 494 films nominated for the Best Picture award .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Invariably , the Academy Awards for Best Picture and Best Director have been very closely linked throughout their history .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Of the 84 films that have been awarded Best Picture , 62 have also been awarded Best Director .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Only three films have won Best Picture without their directors being nominated ( though only one since the early 1930s ) : Wings ( 1927\/28 ) , Grand Hotel ( 1931\/32 ) , and Driving Miss Daisy ( 1989 ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The only two Best Director winners to win for films which did not receive a Best Picture nomination are likewise in the early years : Lewis Milestone ( 1927\/28 ) and Frank Lloyd ( 1928\/29 ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	On June 24 , 2009 , AMPAS announced that the number of films nominated in the Best Picture award category would increase from five to ten , starting with the 82nd Academy Awards ( 2009 ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The expansion was a throwback to the Academy 's early years in the 1930s and 1940s , when anywhere between eight and 12 films were shortlisted ( or longlisted ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	`` Having 10 Best Picture nominees is going to allow Academy voters to recognize and include some of the fantastic movies that often show up in the other Oscar categories but have been squeezed out of the race for the top prize , '' AMPAS President Sid Ganis said in a press conference .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	`` I ca n't wait to see what that list of 10 looks like when the nominees are announced in February . ''
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	At the same time , the voting system was switched from first-past-the-post to Alternative Vote ( also known as Instant Run-off Vote ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	One point of contention is the lack of consideration of non-English language films for categories other than Best Foreign Language Film .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Very few foreign language films have been nominated for any other categories , regardless of artistic merit .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	To date , only eight foreign language films ( and three partly foreign language films ) have been nominated for Best Picture : Grand Illusion ( French , 1938 ) ; Z ( French , 1969 ) ; The Emigrants ( Swedish , 1972 ) ; Cries and Whispers ( Swedish , 1973 ) ; Il Postino ( Italian\/Spanish , 1995 ) ; Life Is Beautiful ( Italian , 1998 ) ; Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ( Mandarin Chinese , 2000 ) ; and Letters from Iwo Jima ( Japanese , 2006 ) , which was ineligible for the Best Foreign Language Oscar because it was an American production .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The only partly foreign language films to win Best Picture are The Godfather Part II ( English\/Sicilian , 1974 ) , The Last Emperor ( English\/Mandarin , 1987 ) and Slumdog Millionaire ( English\/Hindi , 2008 ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Another point of contention is the recent extreme bias toward 2-plus hour films : Crash ( 2005 , 112m ) is the shortest film to win Best Picture in the past 20 years .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	It has been criticized for ignoring films that were huge commercial and critical successes .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Furthermore , no animated film has won the award ( Disney 's Beauty and the Beast and Disney-Pixar 's Up and Toy Story 3 were nominated ) ; no science fiction film has won despite a number of successful nominees ; and only two comedies ( Shakespeare in Love , 1998 ; and The Artist , 2011 ) have won in the last 30 years .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	To date , twelve films exclusively financed outside the United States have won Best Picture ; eleven of which were financed , in part or in whole , by the United Kingdom .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Those films were , in chronological order : Hamlet , The Bridge on the River Kwai , Lawrence of Arabia , Tom Jones , A Man for All Seasons , Oliver !
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	, Chariots of Fire , Gandhi , The Last Emperor , Slumdog Millionaire and The King 's Speech .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The Artist is the twelfth Best Picture winner financed outside the United States and the only one of these financed outside of the United Kingdom .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	No Best Picture winner has been lost , though a few such as All Quiet on the Western Front and Lawrence of Arabia exist only in a form altered from their original , award-winning release form , usually due to editing for reissue ( and subsequently partly restored by archivists ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Other winners and nominees such as Tom Jones and Star Wars are widely available only in subsequently altered versions .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The 1928 film The Patriot is the only Best Picture nominee that is lost ; The Racket was believed lost for many years but a print existed in producer Howard Hughes ' archives and it has since been shown on Turner Classic Movies .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	In addition to being the only Best Picture winner to date financed entirely outside of the US or UK , The Artist was the first silent winner of a Best Picture or equivalent award since Wings and Sunrise , although a part-silent version of All Quiet on the Western Front was created for foreign-language release and survives .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The Artist was also the first silent nominee ( other than the silent version of a nominated talkie ) since The Patriot , as well as the first Best Picture winner shot entirely in black-and-white since 1960 's The Apartment .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	( Schindler 's List , the 1993 winner , was predominantly black-and-white but contained some brief color sequences . )
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	In the list below , the winner of the award for each year is shown first , followed by the other nominees .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Except for the early years ( when the Academy used a non-calendar year ) , the year shown is the one in which the film first premiered in Los Angeles County , California ; normally this is also the year of first release , but it may be the year after first release ( as with Casablanca and , if the film-festival premiere is considered , Crash ) .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	This is the year before the ceremony at which the award is given ; for example , a film exhibited theatrically during 2005 was eligible for consideration for the 2005 Best Picture Oscar , awarded in 2006 .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The number of the ceremony ( 1st , 2nd , etc. ) appears in parentheses after the awards year , linked to the article ( if any ) on that ceremony .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Each individual entry shows the title followed by the production company , and the producer .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	For foreign language films , the original title is also shown .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Until 1950 , the Best Picture award was given to the production company ; from 1951 on , it has gone to the producer .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	The official name of the award has changed several times over the years : For the first ceremony , three films were nominated for the award .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	For the following three years , five films were nominated for the award .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	This was expanded to eight in 1933 , to ten in 1934 , and to twelve in 1935 , before being dropped back to ten in 1937 .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	In 1945 it was reduced back to five .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	This number remained until 2010 , when it was once again raised to ten .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	For the first six ceremonies , the eligibility period spanned two calendar years .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	For example , the 2nd Academy Awards presented on April 3 , 1930 , recognized films that were released between August 1 , 1928 and July 31 , 1929 .
Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1950s)	Starting with the 7th Academy Awards , held in 1935 , the period of eligibility became the full previous calendar year from January 1 to December 31 .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	Aboriginal land rights in Australia are grants of land to Indigenous Australians by the Commonwealth , state or territory governments of Australia .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	Different types of land rights laws exist in Australia , allowing for the grant of land to Indigenous Australians under various conditions .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	Land rights schemes are in place in the Northern Territory , Queensland , New South Wales , South Australia and Victoria .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	The land titles may recognize traditional interest in the land and protect those interests by giving Indigenous people legal ownership of that land .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	According to the National Native Title Tribunal : A successful land rights claim usually results in a special grant of freehold title or perpetual lease .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	A title document for the land is issued .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	The title is normally held by a community or an organization , not by individuals .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	There are usually some restrictions on selling , and dealing with , land that has been granted in a land rights claim .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	Normally , the land will be passed down to future generations in a way that recognizes the community 's traditional connection to that country .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	The passing of Aboriginal land rights legislaton in Australia was preceded by a number of important Aboriginal protests , including the 1946 Aboriginal Stockmen 's Strike , the 1963 Yolngu Bark Petition , and the 1966 Wave Hill Walk-Off , as well as the Aboriginal Lands Trust Act 1966 ( SA ) , which established the South Australian Aboriginal Lands Trust .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	However , it was not until the 1970s , when indigenous Australians ( both Australian Aborigines and Torres Strait Islanders ) became more politically active , that there emerged powerful movement for the recognition of Aboriginal land rights .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	In 1971 , Justice Richard Blackburn of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory ruled against the Yolngu in Milirrpum v Nabalco Pty Ltd ( the `` Gove land rights case '' ) under the priniple of terra nullius .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	However , Justice Blackburn did acknowledge the claimants ' ritual and economic use of the land and that they had an established system of law ( Madayin ) .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	In this way , this was the first significant legal case for Aboriginal Land Rights in Australia .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	In the wake of Milirrpum , the Aboriginal Land Rights Commission ( also known as the `` Woodward Royal Commission '' ) was established in the Northern Territory in 1973 .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	This Royal Commission , chaired by Justice Woodward , made a number of recommendations in favor of recognizing Aboringal Land Rights .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	Taking up many of these recommendations , the Whitlam Labor Government introduced an Aboriginal Land Rights Bill to Parliament ; however , this lapsed upon the dismissal of the government in 1975 .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	The succeeding conservative government , led by Malcolm Fraser , reintroduced a Bill , though not of the same content , and it was signed by the Governor-General of Australia on 16 December 1976 .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	The Aboriginal Land Rights Act 1976 established the basis upon which Aboriginal people in the Northern Territory could claim rights to land based on traditional occupation .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	The statute , the first of the Aboriginal land rights acts , was significant in that it allowed a claim of title if claimants could provide evidence of their traditional association with land .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	Four Land Councils were established in the Northern Territory under this law .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	The Aboriginal Land Rights Act 1976 established a procedure that transferred almost 50 per cent of land in the Northern Territory ( around 600 000 km2 ) to collective Indigenous ownership .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	The subsequent Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Land Rights Act 1981 had a similar effect in South Australia .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	Paul Coe , in Coe v Commonwealth ( 1979 ) , attempted ( unsuccessfully ) to bring a class action on behalf of all Aborigines claiming all of Australia .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	In 1995 the Indigenous Land Corporation was established by the Federal Government to assist Indigenous Australians to acquire land and manage Indigenous held land sustainably and in a manner that provides cultural , social , economic and environmental benefits for themselves and future generations .
Aboriginal_land_rights_in_Australia	The corporation is funded by an annual payment from the investment returns of the Australian Government 's Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Land Account .
Aerospace_engineering	Aerospace engineering is the primary branch of engineering concerned with the design , construction , and science of aircraft and spacecraft .
Aerospace_engineering	It is divided into two major and overlapping branches : aeronautical engineering and astronautical engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	The former deals with craft that stay within Earth 's atmosphere , and the latter with craft that operate outside it .
Aerospace_engineering	Aerospace Engineering deals with the design , construction , and study of the science behind the forces and physical properties of aircraft , rockets , flying craft , and spacecraft .
Aerospace_engineering	The field also covers their aerodynamic characteristics and behaviors , airfoil , control surfaces , lift , drag , and other properties .
Aerospace_engineering	Aerospace engineering is not to be confused with the various other fields of engineering that go into designing elements of these complex craft .
Aerospace_engineering	For example , the design of aircraft avionics , while certainly part of the system as a whole , would rather be considered electrical engineering , or perhaps computer engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	Or an aircraft 's landing gear system may be considered primarily the field of mechanical engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	There is typically a combination of many disciplines that make up aerospace engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	While aeronautical engineering was the original term , the broader `` aerospace '' has superseded it in usage , as flight technology advanced to include craft operating in outer space .
Aerospace_engineering	Aerospace engineering , particularly the astronautics branch , is referred to colloquially as `` rocket science '' .
Aerospace_engineering	Flight vehicles are subjected to demanding conditions such as those produced by extreme changes in atmospheric pressure and temperature , with structural loads applied upon vehicle components .
Aerospace_engineering	Consequently , they are usually the products of various technological and engineering disciplines including aerodynamics , propulsion , avionics , materials science , structural analysis and manufacturing .
Aerospace_engineering	The interaction between these technologies is known as aerospace engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	Because of the number of disciplines involved , aerospace engineering is carried out by teams of engineers , each having their own specialised area of expertise .
Aerospace_engineering	The development and manufacturing of a modern flight vehicle is an extremely complex process and demands careful balance and compromise between abilities , design , available technology and costs .
Aerospace_engineering	Aerospace engineers design , test , and supervise the manufacture of aircraft , spacecraft , and missiles .
Aerospace_engineering	Aerospace engineers develop new technologies for use in aviation , defense systems , and space .
Aerospace_engineering	The origin of aerospace engineering can be traced back to the aviation pioneers around the late 19th century to early 20th centuries , although the work of Sir George Cayley has recently been dated as being from the last decade of the 18th to mid 19th century .
Aerospace_engineering	One of the most important people in the history of aeronautics , Cayley was a pioneer in aeronautical engineering and is credited as the first person to separate the forces of lift and drag , which are in effect on any flight vehicle .
Aerospace_engineering	Early knowledge of aeronautical engineering was largely empirical with some concepts and skills imported from other branches of engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	Scientists understood some key elements of aerospace engineering , like fluid dynamics , in the 18th century .
Aerospace_engineering	Several years later after the successful flights by the Wright brothers , the 1910s saw the development of aeronautical engineering through the design of World War I military aircraft .
Aerospace_engineering	The first definition of aerospace engineering appeared in February 1958 .
Aerospace_engineering	The definition considered the Earth 's atmosphere and the outer space as a single realm , thereby encompassing both aircraft ( aero ) and spacecraft ( space ) under a newly coined word aerospace .
Aerospace_engineering	The National Aeronautics and Space Administration was founded in 1958 as a response to the Cold War .
Aerospace_engineering	United States aerospace engineers launched the first American satellite on January 31 , 1958 in response to the USSR launching Sputnik on October 4 , 1957 .
Aerospace_engineering	Some of the elements of aerospace engineering are : Fluid mechanics - the study of fluid flow around objects .
Aerospace_engineering	Specifically aerodynamics concerning the flow of air over bodies such as wings or through objects such as wind tunnels ( see also lift and aeronautics ) .
Aerospace_engineering	Astrodynamics - the study of orbital mechanics including prediction of orbital elements when given a select few variables .
Aerospace_engineering	While few schools in the United States teach this at the undergraduate level , several have graduate programs covering this topic ( usually in conjunction with the Physics department of said college or university ) .
Aerospace_engineering	Statics and Dynamics ( engineering mechanics ) - the study of movement , forces , moments in mechanical systems .
Aerospace_engineering	Mathematics - in particular , calculus , differential equations , and linear algebra .
Aerospace_engineering	Electrotechnology - the study of electronics within engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	Propulsion - the energy to move a vehicle through the air ( or in outer space ) is provided by internal combustion engines , jet engines and turbomachinery , or rockets ( see also propeller and spacecraft propulsion ) .
Aerospace_engineering	A more recent addition to this module is electric propulsion and ion propulsion .
Aerospace_engineering	Control engineering - the study of mathematical modeling of the dynamic behavior of systems and designing them , usually using feedback signals , so that their dynamic behavior is desirable ( stable , without large excursions , with minimum error ) .
Aerospace_engineering	This applies to the dynamic behavior of aircraft , spacecraft , propulsion systems , and subsystems that exist on aerospace vehicles .
Aerospace_engineering	Aircraft structures - design of the physical configuration of the craft to withstand the forces encountered during flight .
Aerospace_engineering	Aerospace engineering aims to keep structures lightweight .
Aerospace_engineering	Materials science - related to structures , aerospace engineering also studies the materials of which the aerospace structures are to be built .
Aerospace_engineering	New materials with very specific properties are invented , or existing ones are modified to improve their performance .
Aerospace_engineering	Solid mechanics - Closely related to material science is solid mechanics which deals with stress and strain analysis of the components of the vehicle .
Aerospace_engineering	Nowadays there are several Finite Element programs such as MSC Patran\/Nastran which aid engineers in the analytical process .
Aerospace_engineering	Aeroelasticity - the interaction of aerodynamic forces and structural flexibility , potentially causing flutter , divergence , etc. .
Aerospace_engineering	Avionics - the design and programming of computer systems on board an aircraft or spacecraft and the simulation of systems .
Aerospace_engineering	Software - the specification , design , development , test , and implementation of computer software for aerospace applications , including flight software , ground control software , test & evaluation software , etc. .
Aerospace_engineering	Risk and reliability - the study of risk and reliability assessment techniques and the mathematics involved in the quantitative methods .
Aerospace_engineering	Noise control - the study of the mechanics of sound transfer .
Aerospace_engineering	Flight test - designing and executing flight test programs in order to gather and analyze performance and handling qualities data in order to determine if an aircraft meets its design and performance goals and certification requirements .
Aerospace_engineering	The basis of most of these elements lies in theoretical physics , such as fluid dynamics for aerodynamics or the equations of motion for flight dynamics .
Aerospace_engineering	There is also a large empirical component .
Aerospace_engineering	Historically , this empirical component was derived from testing of scale models and prototypes , either in wind tunnels or in the free atmosphere .
Aerospace_engineering	More recently , advances in computing have enabled the use of computational fluid dynamics to simulate the behavior of fluid , reducing time and expense spent on wind-tunnel testing .
Aerospace_engineering	Additionally , aerospace engineering addresses the integration of all components that constitute an aerospace vehicle ( subsystems including power , aerospace bearings , communications , thermal control , life support , etc. ) and its life cycle ( design , temperature , pressure , radiation , velocity , lifetime ) .
Aerospace_engineering	Aerospace engineering may be studied at the advanced diploma , bachelor 's , master 's , and Ph.D. levels in aerospace engineering departments at many universities , and in mechanical engineering departments at others .
Aerospace_engineering	A few departments offer degrees in space-focused astronautical engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	The Delft University of Technology ( TU Delft ) in the Netherlands offers one of the top European aerospace educational and research platforms , while the programs of the Missouri University of Science and Technology , Rutgers University , and University of Southern California are examples of American schools .
Aerospace_engineering	In 2009 , U.S. News & World Report ranked the undergraduate aerospace engineering programs at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Georgia Institute of Technology , and the University of Michigan as the top three best programs at doctorate granting universities in the United States .
Aerospace_engineering	The other programs in the top ten were Purdue University , California Institute of Technology , University of Maryland , University of Illinois , Stanford University , University of Texas at Austin , and Virginia Tech in that order .
Aerospace_engineering	The magazine also rates Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University , the United States Air Force Academy , and the United States Naval Academy as the premier aerospace engineering programs at universities that do not grant doctorate degrees .
Aerospace_engineering	University of Kansas School of Engineering has earned more first and second place AIAA awards than any other academic institution in the world in the 42-year history of the competition .
Aerospace_engineering	Wichita State University is renowned for its Aerospace Engineering program and also has the third highest research budget for Aerospace Engineering in the United States .
Aerospace_engineering	In Canada , the University of Toronto has a quality aerospace engineering program .
Aerospace_engineering	The aerospace program requires the students to go through a competitive program called Engineering Science .
Aerospace_engineering	The academic program in aerospace science and engineering at U of T includes undergraduate and graduate studies .
Aerospace_engineering	Carleton University and Ryerson University are other top aerospace and mechanical engineering universities in Canada which offer accredited graduate and under-graduate degrees .
Aerospace_engineering	The Royal Military College of Canada offers an Aerospace engineering degree offered by the Aerospace and Mechanical Engineering Department since 2008 .
Aerospace_engineering	It is a rigorous program with a high amount of additional credits students must earn .
Aerospace_engineering	In the UK , Aerospace ( or aeronautical ) engineering can be studied at the B. Eng. , M. Eng. , MSc .
Aerospace_engineering	and Ph.D. levels at a number of universities .
Aerospace_engineering	The first institution in the UK to teach in this field was Queen Mary , University of London .
Aerospace_engineering	The The Times ' top 10 universities are University of Cambridge , University of Surrey , University of Bristol , University of Southampton , Queens University Belfast , University of Sheffield , Newcastle University , University of Bath , Imperial College London , Loughborough University and University of Nottingham for 2010 .
Aerospace_engineering	The Department of Aeronautics at Imperial College London is noted for providing engineers for the Formula One industry , an industry that uses aerospace technology .
Aerospace_engineering	Aerospace can be studied at University of Limerick in Ireland .
Aerospace_engineering	In Australia , the RMIT University offers Aerospace ( or aeronautical ) engineering and has more than 60 years teaching experience in this profession .
Aerospace_engineering	Monash University , University of New South Wales , University of Sydney , University of Queensland , University of Adelaide and Queensland University of Technology also offers Aerospace Engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	European universities that are renowned for their teaching and expertise in aerospace engineering include TU Delft in the Netherlands , ISAE , ENAC , IPSA and ESTACA in France , RWTH Aachen , TU München , the University of Stuttgart , TU Dresden , TU Berlin and TU Braunschweig as well as Hamburg University of Applied Sciences in Germany , and the Centre for Structure Technologies at ETH Zurich in Switzerland .
Aerospace_engineering	In Austria the FH Joanneum and the University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt .
Aerospace_engineering	In Portugal the Instituto Superior Técnico .
Aerospace_engineering	In Spain the Universidad Politecnica de Madrid , the Universidad Carlos III de Madrid , Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya , Universitat Politècnica de Valencia and University of Seville offer the degree , while in Italy there also several universities where aerospace engineering can be studied including the Politecnico di Torino , the Politecnico di Milano , the University of Bologna , the University of Pisa , the University of Napoli , the University of Padua and the Sapienza University of Rome .
Aerospace_engineering	In Eastern Europe they are the Politehnica University of Bucharest in Romania , the Technical Military Academy of Bucharest in Romania the University of Belgrade in Serbia , the Warsaw University of Technology and Rzeszów University of Technology in Poland and Brno University of Technology in Brno , Czech Republic .
Aerospace_engineering	In India Indian Institute of Science , Bangalore is well known for its Aerospace Engineering department , which offers degrees at post-graduate level .
Aerospace_engineering	Indian Institute of Science , Bangalore is credited to have been the nucleus point and incubation center for various leading academic and industrial aerospace related organizations in India .
Aerospace_engineering	IIT Kanpur possesses its own flight test aircraft and airfield for students in the discipline , while few other IITs also offer degrees in this discipline .
Aerospace_engineering	PEC Institute of Technology , Chandigarh and Madras Institute of Technology , Chennai are two premier non-IIT colleges which offer courses in Aeronautical Engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	IIST Trivandrum , sponsored by ISRO offers undergraduate and post-graduate courses focusing on aeronautics , astronautics and space sciences .
Aerospace_engineering	Amrita University Coimbatore is another institute in private sector that offers Bachelor degree in Aerospace Engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	Bengal Engineering and Science University , Shibpur has offered an undergraduate Bachelor of Engineering degree in Aerospace Engineering sine academic year 2010 .
Aerospace_engineering	University of Petroleum and Energy Studies and Indian Institute of aeronautical engineering , Dehradun also one of the leading institute .
Aerospace_engineering	The Manav Rachna International University is an established institute and has a 4-year full time B. Tech .
Aerospace_engineering	degree in Aeronautical Engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	In China Nanjing Aeronautics and Astronautics University is a regional leader in the field of aerospace engineering education .
Aerospace_engineering	In Pakistan Aerospace Engineering can be studied at National University of Sciences and Technology at ( CAE ) , at PAF Academy in Risalpur & at Air University which is Pakistan 's only university that grants a Doctorate degree in Aerospace Engineering & Avionics Engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	In 2002 , SUPARCO established IST which is a federally chartered public sector institute of Pakistan offering under graduate and graduate degree in Aerospace Engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	The MS degree at IST is being offered in collaboration with Beihang University ( BUAA ) , China and Seoul National University , South Korea .
Aerospace_engineering	Another university that offers Aerospace Engineering degrees ( B. Sc , M. Sc , M. Eng , Phd ) is the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology , in Israel .
Aerospace_engineering	In Brazil the B. Sc , M. Sc and PhD degrees in Aerospace Engineering are offered by the some prestigious Universities like : Universidade de São Paulo - USP at São Carlos campus , Instituto Tecnologico de Aeronautica - ITA and Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais - UFMG .
Aerospace_engineering	The admission for these courses features among the most difficult in Brazil , partly due to its competitive Vestibular ( similar to ACT and SAT in USA ) .
Aerospace_engineering	In Africa the only University that offers an undegraduate BSc in Aeronautical Engineering is the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Aerospace_engineering	They also offer a MSc and Phd in Aeronautical engineering .
Aerospace_engineering	The term `` rocket scientist '' is sometimes used to describe a person of great intelligence since `` rocket science '' is seen as a practice requiring great mental ability , especially technical and mathematical ability .
Aerospace_engineering	The term is often used mockingly , such as in the expression `` it 's not rocket science '' , `` this is n't rocket science '' to indicate that the task is simple , or `` it does n't take a rocket scientist '' .
Aerospace_engineering	Strictly speaking , the use of the word `` science '' in `` rocket science '' is a misnomer since science is about understanding the origins , nature , and behavior of the universe ; engineering is about using scientific and engineering principles to solve problems and develop new technology .
Aerospace_engineering	To the mass media and general public , engineering is often a synonym for science but that is technically incorrect usage .
American_Lacrosse_Conference	The American Lacrosse Conference ( ALC ) is a NCAA Division I women 's lacrosse-only college athletic conference whose six members are located in the eastern half of the United States .
American_Lacrosse_Conference	In 2009-10 , two more Southeastern Conference universities joined the ALC : South Carolina and Florida .
American_Lacrosse_Conference	The South Carolina program was eventually delayed with no timetable to begin play .
American_Lacrosse_Conference	In 2011 it was announced that the conference will add Michigan as the seventh member .
American_Lacrosse_Conference	The Wolverines will begin NCAA competition in 2013-14 , after transitioning the program from club to varsity status .
American_Lacrosse_Conference	The ALC currently has six full members in the Eastern United States : Former members of the ALC include Davidson College in Davidson , North Carolina and Ohio University in Athens , Ohio .
American_Lacrosse_Conference	Davidson is currently a member of the new National Lacrosse Conference .
American_Lacrosse_Conference	Ohio University exited the ALC when the OU Athletics Department decided to drop several sports programs including women 's lacrosse in January 2007 .
Ashley_Tisdale	Ashley Michelle Tisdale ( born July 2 , 1985 ) is an American actress and singer who rose to prominence portraying the candy-counter girl Maddie Fitzpatrick in Disney Channel 's The Suite Life of Zack & Cody and the female antagonist Sharpay Evans in the High School Musical film series .
Ashley_Tisdale	The High School Musical series became a successful franchise which included two television films , a feature movie , a spin-off and numerous soundtrack albums .
Ashley_Tisdale	The popularity earned by Tisdale in High School Musical led her to sign a solo record deal with Warner Bros. .
Ashley_Tisdale	Records in 2006 that allowed her to release two studio albums , Headstrong ( 2007 ) and Guilty Pleasure ( 2009 ) .
Ashley_Tisdale	Tisdale has a prominent voice role as Candace Flynn in Disney Channel 's Phineas & Ferb , a cartoon which became television 's most-watched animated series among kids and tweens and had been met with acclaim by critics .
Ashley_Tisdale	She also owns a production company named Blondie Girl Production and has worked as an executive producer in a number of movies and television shows that includes the ABC Family television film Picture This and the Bravo 's 2012 unscripted series Miss Advised .
Ashley_Tisdale	During 2009 and 2010 , Tisdale had her first major broadcast role in The CW 's television series Hellcats as Savannah Monroe , an intense and very religious cheerleader .
Ashley_Tisdale	In 2012 , she was cast in a leading role in Scary Movie 5 , the fourth sequel to the 2000 movie , set to premiere in 2013 .
Ashley_Tisdale	Tisdale was born in West Deal , New Jersey on July 2 , 1985 , to Lisa ( née Morris ) and Mike Tisdale , the manager of a construction company .
Ashley_Tisdale	Her elder sister , Jennifer Tisdale , is an actress .
Ashley_Tisdale	Through her grandfather , Tisdale is related to businessman Ron Popeil .
Ashley_Tisdale	She grew up in Ocean Township .
Ashley_Tisdale	She is Jewish on her mother 's side and was raised with `` a little bit of both '' of her parents ' religions .
Ashley_Tisdale	At the age of three , Tisdale met her current manager , Bill Perlman , at a New Jersey mall .
Ashley_Tisdale	He sent her to numerous auditions for commercials , resulting in her placement in more than 100 national network TV ads as a kid .
Ashley_Tisdale	She began her theatrical career by appearing in Gypsy : A Musical Fable and The Sound of Music at Monmouth County 's Jewish Community Center .
Ashley_Tisdale	At the age of eight , she was cast to play the part of Cosette in a national touring production of the musical Les Misérables .
Ashley_Tisdale	`` When I was little , I saw the play Les Misérables on Broadway , I thought it was the most amazing thing I have ever seen so I went to my manager and told him I wanted to be in it '' , said Tisdale in an interview to Newsday in 2007 .
Ashley_Tisdale	She also claims to have had only a single singing lesson before landing the role .
Ashley_Tisdale	Tisdale toured for two years on Les Misérables before landing a role in an international touring production of Annie in Korea .
Ashley_Tisdale	At the age of twelve , Tisdale sang at the White House for President Bill Clinton .
Ashley_Tisdale	In the late 1990s and early 2000s , Tisdale had minor roles in several television shows such as The Hughleys , Smart Guy , 7th Heaven , Boston Public and Bette and in the feature films A Bug 's Life and Donnie Darko .
Ashley_Tisdale	During this time , she simultaneously worked as a Ford Model .
Ashley_Tisdale	For her role in Boston Public , she received a 2000 Young Artist Award nomination for `` Best Guest Performance In a TV drama '' .
Ashley_Tisdale	In 2004 , she was cast as the teenage candy-counter girl Maddie Fitzpatrick in the Disney Channel series The Suite Life of Zack & Cody , which premiered in March 2005 and ended in 2008 .
Ashley_Tisdale	She later won her first award at the UK Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards for `` Best TV Actress '' , due to her performance as Fitzpatrick .
Ashley_Tisdale	Although the producers of the Disney Channel Original Movie High School Musical did not initially consider her because of her `` good-girl image '' on The Suite Life , Tisdale was eventually cast as the popular , narcissistic high school student Sharpay Evans in the 2006 film .
Ashley_Tisdale	High School Musical became Disney Channel 's most watched movie that year , with 7.7 million viewers in its US premiere broadcast .
Ashley_Tisdale	The soundtrack , in which Tisdale lent her vocals for several songs , became the top-selling album in the United States that year .
Ashley_Tisdale	Tisdale became the first female artist to debut with two songs simultaneously on the Billboard Hot 100 chart with `` What I 've Been Looking For '' and `` Bop to the Top '' , both tracks from the film 's soundtrack .
Ashley_Tisdale	Due to the popularity earned by Tisdale through her performance in High School Musical , Warner Bros. .
Ashley_Tisdale	Records signed her for a recording contract in July 2006 and she started working on her debut album .
Ashley_Tisdale	Headstrong is Tisdale 's US Gold-certified debut album , released in February 2007 via Warner Bros , which debuted at number five on the Billboard 200 , with 64,000 copies sold in that week .
Ashley_Tisdale	`` Be Good to Me '' was released as the album 's first single in the December 2006 and `` He Said She Said '' was released as the second , in September 2007 .
Ashley_Tisdale	In 2008 , `` Not Like That '' and `` Suddenly '' were released as singles in a selective number of countries that did not include North America .
Ashley_Tisdale	A music DVD entitled There 's Something About Ashley followed the release of her debut album , with a three-song trilogy comprising music videos and a documentary about the creation of Headstrong .
Ashley_Tisdale	The success of the first High School Musical film led Tisdale to reprise the role in the 2007 sequel High School Musical 2 .
Ashley_Tisdale	She lent vocals for several tracks in the film 's soundtrack and her performance in High School Musical 2 was critically acclaimed by many media outlets such as The Hollywood Reporter .
Ashley_Tisdale	Even more successful than the first film , High School Musical 2 became the most-watched cable-television movie , receiving 17 million viewers on its premiere night .
Ashley_Tisdale	Also in 2007 , Tisdale was given the voice role of Candace Flynn , the series ' secondary antagonist , in Phineas and Ferb , which became television 's most-watched animated series among kids and tweens and had very positive reviews .
Ashley_Tisdale	As a producer , Tisdale formed her own production company in 2008 and named it Blondie Girl Productions .
Ashley_Tisdale	The 2008 ABC Family Original Movie Picture This marked Tisdale 's debut as an executive producer and also in a leading role , in which she played Mandy Gilbert , an unpopular and bullied teenager .
Ashley_Tisdale	The film captured 4.3 million total viewers in its debut night .
Ashley_Tisdale	Tisdale reprised her role as Sharpay Evans in the 2008 Walt Disney Pictures feature film High School Musical 3 : Senior Year .
Ashley_Tisdale	Her performance in the film earned her an MTV Movie Award for `` Breakthrough Performance Female '' in 2009 .
Ashley_Tisdale	and acclaim by critics including Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly , who labeled her one of film 's breakout stars and said her portrayal of Evans makes `` narcissism a goofy , bedazzled pleasure '' , and Mark Kermode , who said Tisdale is 2008 's `` best supporting actress '' .
Ashley_Tisdale	High School Musical 3 earned $ 42 million in its domestic opening weekend , which became the biggest opening for a musical film .
Ashley_Tisdale	Her second studio album , Guilty Pleasure , was released in 2009 .
Ashley_Tisdale	Described by Tisdale as a `` rocker and edgier '' album , it generated mixed reviews , with a 54 % rating on Metacritic , and Billboard claimed the album `` does n't give the singer room to comfortably let loose '' .
Ashley_Tisdale	Guilty Pleasure debuted at number twelve on the Billboard 200 , selling 25,000 copies in its first week , archiving a low commercial performance in comparison with her debut album .
Ashley_Tisdale	The song `` It 's Alright , It 's OK '' was released as the album 's lead single in April in airplay and digital formats and a second single , `` Crank It Up '' , was later released in October .
Ashley_Tisdale	Tisdale starred in the 2009 20th Century Fox family feature film Aliens in the Attic as Bethany Pearson , the elder sister of the family and although she is credited as one of the main characters , The New York Times said Tisdale `` spends much of the film off screen '' .
Ashley_Tisdale	The film was a minor success in box office , grossing $ 60 million worldwide .
Ashley_Tisdale	Tisdale 's return into broadcast television occurred in 2010 when her involvement in The CW Television Network drama series Hellcats was announced in March by The Hollywood Reporter , that reported Tisdale had signed on to co-star on her first major broadcast series role as Savannah Monroe , the peppy and fiercely intense captain of the Hellcats .
Ashley_Tisdale	The series had its script based on the book Cheer : Inside the Secret World of College Cheerleaders by journalist Kate Torgovnick and was described as `` Election meets Bring It On '' by critics .
Ashley_Tisdale	Hellcats , however , had only one full season as it was canceled by The CW in 2011 .
Ashley_Tisdale	She had vocal roles in several TV cartoons , during 2010 , including The Cleveland Show , Family Guy and Glenn Martin , DDS .
Ashley_Tisdale	A guest appearance in an episode of Raising Hope and a starring role in a CBS pilot produced by Louis C.K. , which has not been picked up by the channel , followed in 2012 .
Ashley_Tisdale	A High School Musical spin-off entitled Sharpay 's Fabulous Adventure , released directly in DVD , featured Tisdale reprising her role as Sharpay Evans and also serving as the executive producer .
Ashley_Tisdale	The Disney Channel Original Movie captured 5 million viewers on its premiere night on Disney Channel .
Ashley_Tisdale	Tisdale voiced Candance Flynn in the 2011 's Phineas and Ferb movie that premiered on Disney Channel with 7.6 million viewers on its debut night .
Ashley_Tisdale	During 2011 , Tisdale started focusing on her career as a television and film producer .
Ashley_Tisdale	Her production company Blondie Girl Productions signed a multiyear production deal with Relativity Media in 2010 , to create , develop and executive produce a series .
Ashley_Tisdale	Tisdale has been working in a film for Disney Channel titled Adventure Quest , a project for Nickelodeon , a Bravo TV reality show titled Miss Advised , an upcoming television series based on Laurie Faria Stolarz 's book Blue Is for Nightmares , three digital series , and a drama project for ABC Family .
Ashley_Tisdale	Tisdale 's involvement in Dimension Films ' Scary Movie 5 , the fourth sequel to the 2000 movie was announced in June , 2012 , by The Weinstein Company .
Ashley_Tisdale	She is reported to play one of the leading roles in the film , which is set to an early 2013 release .
Ashley_Tisdale	She has also booked a two-episode arc in the fifth season of FX 's Sons of Anarchy in which she will portray Emma Jean , a desireble and high-priced escort .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The title is often abbreviated to Akilam or Akilathirattu .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Akilam including more than 15000 verses , is the largest Ammanai literature in Tamil and one among the largest works in Tamil which are contributed by a single author .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	According to the book , Akilam , Hari Gopalan Citar wrote this book on the twenty-seventh day of the Tamil month of Karthikai ( November\/December ) in the year 1841 CE .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The author claims that God woke him up during his sleep and commissioned him to take dictation of what he said .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Akilathirattu was recorded on palm leaves until 1939 , when it was given printed form .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	According to the author , the book is the story of God coming in this age , the Kali Yukam or Iron Age , to rule the world by transforming it into the Dharma Yukam .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	This story of faith has woven together the historical facts about Ayya Vaikundar and his activities with reinterpretations of episodes from the Hindu Puranas ( mythologies ) and Itihasas ( epics ) .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	It is presented as if Vishnu is narrating the whole story to his consort Lakshmi .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Though the Citar Hari Gopalan wrote the book Akilam , he claimed that he did not know any thing about the contents of the book .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	He woke up in the morning as usual and he did n't know what he had written the day before .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Another legend says that he began it that night and continued through the following days .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Others say that it was written beginning on Friday , 26th Karthikai ( Tamil Calendar ) 1016 M. E , and completed on seventeenth day on the second Sunday of Margazhi ( Tamil Calendar ) 1016 M.E. .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	When Ayya Vaikundar died , the tied-up palm leaf manuscript , which was until then not opened , was unfolded .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	It contained the regulations of the Ayyavazhi sect .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	As per the instructions found there in Akilam , Ayyavazhi was preached by the Citars far and wide .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Akilam is in two parts ; the first is an account of the ages preceding that of the present age , the Kali Yukam , and the second is an account of the activities of Ayya Vaikundar leading up to his attaining Vaikundam .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Akilathirattu is written as a poem in the Tamil language .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The narration alternates between two sub-genres called viruttam and natai .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Both sub-genres employ many poetic devices like alliteration and hyperbatons .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	It contains more than 15000 verse making up seventeen section .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	In a typical Ammanai style , Akilam maintains more than one context for its verses throughout the text .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	While the floating ideas of the lines could be comparatively easily communicated , the underlying theme could n't be understood unless oneself is understood and well aware about the basics of Hindu pantheon of gods , Hindu scriptures , Dharmic concepts and philosophy etc. .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The texts written by Hari Gopalan Citar are seen as damaged and it is hard to read the contents .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	It is still preserved as a relic by his descendents .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	There are three direct versions which were copied from this first version .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	They are , Panchalagkuricchi Version .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Swamithoppe Version .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Kottangadu Version .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Of these , the Panchalankuricchi Version is believed to be written down by Hari Gopalan Citar by copying from the main version and the other two versions were copied later .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Apart from these the Nariyan vilai Version , Varampetran-pantaram Version , Saravanantheri Version are the other early palm-leaf versions of Akilam .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Other release versions include the Palaramachandran version , the VTV published twice , the Kalai Ilakkiya-peravai Version and the Vivekanandan Version .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	But of these , The Ayya Vaikundar Thirukkudumbam version is often criticised for the removal and adding of additional Verse ( poetry ) s from various versions .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	It was argued that such additions and removals are made in over 300 pages .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	All the release versions except Palaramachandran version schedules the whole contents to seventeen sections as per the Thiru Eadu-vasippu partition .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The Sentrathisai Ventraperumal version which was released in 1965 includes more than 2000 verse which were not found in other versions .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The Palaramachandran version is the widely accepted and the largest circulated version .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The book focuses on the devotion to Vaikundar , considered to be an aspect of the God Vishnu .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	It is a poetic narrative in Tamil intended to be an excellent compilation of the various aspects of Indian mythology and beliefs about God .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The first 8 chapters of the book narrates the events starting from the creation of the Universe to the time exactly before the incarnation of Vaikundar .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The ninth chapter describes in detail the events taking place in the divine plan during the incarnation of Vaikundar .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The last 8 chapters focus of the legendary , empirical , historical and mythical aspects pertaining to the life of Vaikundar .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The book starts with the explanation given by Vishnu to His consort Lakshmi about the evolution of Universe and of human beings .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	It is said that there is a total of 8 aeons or yugas and we are currently in the seventh yuga called as Kali Yuga , the age of deterioration .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	It is believed that for each yuga there is a demon that will be destroyed by Vishnu .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	In the first yuga , Kroni was born .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	This Kroni is cognate with the concept of Satan in Abrahamic religions .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Vishnu fragmented him into six pieces and each fragments will incarnate as demon in each Yuga .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The first four yugas are said to be the Neetiya Yuga , Chatura Yuga , Nedu Yuga and Kretha Yuga .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	These four yugas do not have parallels in the mainstream Hindu mythology .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The fifth yuga is said to be the Treta Yuga in which the Lord Rama incarnated as human .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	The sixth yuga is the Dvapara Yuga , and there is a short but striking description of the life of Krishna and the Bharatha war .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Additionally there is said to be another event called the birth of Santror or noble people at the closure of Dvapara Yuga .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Kali Yuga , the seventh Yuga begins when the evil spirit called Kali ( not to be confused with Kaali , the mother goddess ) was born .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Kali is believed to be cognate with the modern human beings .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Then was born the Neesan , the demon for the Kali Yuga .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	It is said that this demon became the king of earth in various places and tortured the lives of the Santror .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Because of this Lord Vishnu got angry and advised Neesan to stop torturing the Santror .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	But he wo n't agree to Vishnu and would prefer to die rather than giving up .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	In order to stop the rule of Neesan and to bring an end to Kali yuga , Vishnu made a plan to make Vaikundar incarnate as human .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Vaikundar is believed to be the Son of Vishnu and Lakshmi .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	He was beget inside the sea , and sent as human into the land .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	From the point of incarnation of Vaikundar , it is said that He was made the supreme of all godhead , and will destroy Neesan and also the evil Kali Yuga .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	It is also said that he will take all righteous people with him into the Vaikundam in the eighth yuga called as Dharma Yukam .
Akilattirattu_Ammanai	Also , nothing is said about the period which follows Dharma yuga , which means that timeline is linear , and not circular as believed inside mainstream Hinduism .
Archivist	An archivist ( `` AR-kiv-ist '' or `` AR-kive-ist '' ) is a professional who assesses , collects , organizes , preserves , maintains control over , and provides access to information determined to have long-term value .
Archivist	The information maintained by an archivist can be any form of media ( photographs , video or sound recordings , letters , documents , electronic records , etc. ) .
Archivist	As Richard Pearce-Moses wrote , `` Archivists keep records that have enduring value as reliable memories of the past , and they help people find and understand the information they need in those records . ''
Archivist	Determining what records have enduring value can be challenging .
Archivist	Archivists must also select records valuable enough to justify the costs of storage and preservation , plus the labor intensive expenses of arrangement , description , and reference service .
Archivist	The theory and scholarly work underpinning archives practices is called archival science .
Archivist	Archivists ' duties include acquiring and appraising new collections , arranging and describing records , providing reference service , and preserving materials .
Archivist	In arranging records , archivists apply two important principles : provenance and original order , sometimes referred to as respect des fonds .
Archivist	Provenance refers to the origin of records , essentially who created them .
Archivist	Many entities create records , including government , businesses , universities , and personal collections of individuals .
Archivist	The idea of respect des fonds is applied by keeping records in their original order as established and maintained by the creator ( s ) .
Archivist	This also means that records from one corporate body should not be mixed with records from another .
Archivist	There are two aspects to arrangement : intellectual and physical .
Archivist	Both aspects follow the principle of original order .
Archivist	Archivists process the records physically by placing them in folders and boxes , usually acid free to ensure their long-term survival .
Archivist	They also process the records intellectually , by determining what the records consist of , how they are organized , and what - if any - finding aids need to be created .
Archivist	Finding aids can be box lists or descriptive inventories , or indexes .
Archivist	If the original arrangement is unclear or even unhelpful in terms of accessing the collection , it is not usually rearranged to something that makes more sense .
Archivist	This is because preserving the original order answers the most questions about the collection .
Archivist	It shows how the creator of the records functioned , why the records were created , and how he went about arranging them .
Archivist	If the archivist rearranged them , the records would lose the ability to answer these questions .
Archivist	It would also lose all significance , as the provenance and authenticity of the records may be lost .
Archivist	However , original order is not always the best way to maintain some collections and archivists must use their own experience and current best practices to determine the correct way to keep collections of mixed media or those lacking a clear original arrangement .
Archivist	American archivists are also guided in their work by a code of ethics .
Archivist	Alongside their work behind the scenes arranging and caring for collections , archivists assist users in interpreting collections and answering inquiries .
Archivist	This reference work can be just part of an archivist 's job in a smaller organization , or consist of most of their occupation in a larger archive where specific roles ( such as processing archivist and reference archivist ) may be delineated .
Archivist	Archivists work for a variety of organizations , including government agencies , local authorities , museums , hospitals , historical societies , businesses , charities , corporations , colleges and universities , and any institution whose records may potentially be valuable to researchers , exhibitors , genealogists , or others .
Archivist	Alternatively , they could also work on the collections of a large family or even of an individual .
Archivist	Applicants for archives jobs usually outnumber positions available .
Archivist	Archivists are often educators as well ; it is not unusual for an archivist employed at a university or college to lecture in a subject related to their collection .
Archivist	Archivists employed at cultural institutions or for local government frequently design educational or outreach programs to further the ability of archive users to understand and access information in their collections .
Archivist	This might include such varied activities as exhibitions , promotional events or even media coverage .
Archivist	The advent of Encoded Archival Description , along with increasing demand for materials to be made available online , has required archivists to become more tech-savvy in the past decade .
Archivist	Many archivists are now acquiring basic XML skills in order to make their finding aids available to researchers online .
Archivist	Because of the varied nature of the job and organizations and work environment , archivists need to have a wide range of skills : Those who work in reference and access-oriented positions need to be good with people , so that they are able to help them with their research .
Archivist	An ability to apply some basic knowledge of conservation is needed to help extend the useful life of cultural artifacts .
Archivist	Many different types of media ( such as photographs , acidic papers , and unstable copy processes ) can deteriorate if not stored and maintained properly .
Archivist	Although many archival collections consist solely of paper records , increasingly archivists must confront the new challenges posed by the preservation of electronic records , so they need to be forward-looking and technologically proficient .
Archivist	Because of the amount of sorting and listing , they need to be very logical and organised and be able to pay attention to detail .
Archivist	When cataloging records , or when assisting users , archivists need to have some research skills .
Archivist	Archivists are occasionally called upon to comment or provide some context for the records in their collection and so should know as much about their collection as possible .
Archivist	The educational preparation for archivists varies from country to country .
Archivist	In Colombia , the Universidad de La Salle offers the degree of Professional in Information Systems , Library and Archival Sciences .
Archivist	It is a vocational training program , within existing legal standards aimed at providing knowledge , skills and abilities required for the design and management of information systems and documentation of various sorts .
Archivist	Its projection for the future is based on the application of new information technologies and communications for the management of information services economically viable .
Archivist	The program was created in 1971 .
Archivist	Other institutions that offers a degree in Archival Science are : Universidad del Quindío - Professional degree : Professional in Information and Documentation , Library and Archival Sciences .
Archivist	Universidad de Antioquia , Escuela Interamericana de Bibliotecología - Technological degree : Technologist in Archival Science .
Archivist	Universidad Católica de Manizales - Technological degree : Technologist in Documentation and Archival Science .
Archivist	Servicio Nacional de Aprendizaje - SENA - in chain training with the Tecnológico de Antioquia ( http \/ \/ : www.plataforma.unipamplona.edu.co\/tda Tecnológico de Antioquia ) - Technical degree : Professional Technical in Archives , Technological degree : Technologist in Documentation and Archival Science .
Archivist	In France the oldest Archivist School is the École des chartes , founded in 1821 .
Archivist	This prestigious grande école offers a diploma in `` Archivist-Paleography '' after a three-year curriculum .
Archivist	A part of its alumni pursue to a State archivist career after a 18 month formation at the Institut national du patrimoine .
Archivist	Most positions are reserved for European citizens .
Archivist	Some universities offer Master 's degree in Archival Science : Angers , Caen , Dijon , Lille III , Lyon III , Mulhouse , Versailles Saint-Quentin , In Republic of Ireland , the University College Dublin School of History and Archives offers a Masters of Arts degree in Archives and Records Management , recognized by the Society of Archivists .
Archivist	In the United Kingdom , there are currently five full - or part-time postgraduate courses in archives administration or management which are recognized by the Archives and Records Association ( United Kingdom and Ireland ) , formerly the Society of Archivists .
Archivist	Students are expected to have relevant paid or voluntary work experience before obtaining a place on the UK courses ; many undertake a year 's traineeship .
Archivist	Also , professional certification ( after qualifying ) can be pursued via the Registration Scheme offered by the Society of Archivists .
Archivist	According to the most recent professional census of American Archivists published , most of those in the United States have earned a Masters degree .
Archivist	However , the exact type of degree can vary ; the most common sorts of advanced degrees held by archivists are in archival science , public history , history , library science , or library and information science .
Archivist	It is also possible for archivists to earn a doctorate in library , or library and information , science .
Archivist	Archivists with a PhD often work at a teaching faculty or deans and directors of archival programs .
Archivist	In 2002 , the Society of American Archivists published Guidelines for a Graduate Program in Archival Studies , as well as a code of ethics .
Archivist	Also in the United States , the Academy of Certified Archivists offers supplemental archival training by means of a certification program .
Archivist	When first established in 1989 , some critics of ACA certification objected to its annual membership fees , the theoretical versus practical nature of its tests , and the need for members to re-certify every five years .
Archivist	However , in the decades since , it has been agreed that such requirements are comparable with certification programs in other professions , and that certification strengthens professional standards and individual competencies .
Archivist	While some positions in archives require certification and many employers view certification as preferred , it is not required by all employers in the United States .
Archivist	Approximately 1,100 archivists were certified by ACA , as of 30 June 2011 .
Aemilianus	Aemilianus ( Latin : Marcus Aemilius Aemilianus Augustus ; c. 207\/213 - 253 ) , also known as Aemilian , was Roman Emperor for three months in 253 .
Aemilianus	Commander of the Moesian troops , he obtained an important victory against the invading Goths and was , for this reason , acclaimed Emperor by his army .
Aemilianus	He then moved quickly to Italy , where he defeated Emperor Trebonianus Gallus , only to be killed by his own men when another general , Valerian , proclaimed himself Emperor and moved against Aemilian with a larger army .
Aemilianus	Aemilian was born in the Roman province of Africa .
Aemilianus	According to the 4th century source Epitome de Caesaribus , he was born at Girba ( modern Djerba , an island off the coast of Tunisia ) and was a Moor ; a reference in the same source hints that he was born around 207 .
Aemilianus	The 12th century historian Joannes Zonaras , who calls him a Libyan ( that is , coming from western Egypt-eastern Libya ) rather than a Moor , and another chronicle of the 13th century hold that he was forty at the time of his death in 253 .
Aemilianus	As regards his lineage , there are two versions , both exaggerated : while Eutropius and his translator Paeanius probably defamate a failed usurper when they tell that he was from an insignificant family , John of Antioch may refer bits of Aemilian 's propaganda when he tells that the usurper used his ancestry to take the power .
Aemilianus	Aemilian married Cornelia Supera , a woman of African origin ; the year of their marriage is unknown , but being both from the same place , it is possible they married before Aemilian left Africa .
Aemilianus	During the reign of Trebonianus Gallus and his son Volusianus ( 251-253 ) , Aemilian was sent to the Balkans to command an army .
Aemilianus	His primary responsibility was to assure peace along the Danube frontier , which had been subject to several attacks by the Goths led by king Cniva .
Aemilianus	Gallus secured the throne after the death of emperor Decius at the hands of Cniva in the battle of Abrittus ( 251 ) , and later had to manage an outbreak of plague that devastated Rome .
Aemilianus	He was not popular with the army , mainly due to humiliating treaties signed in 251 with the Goths and King Shapur I of Persia who attacked Syria .
Aemilianus	According to John of Antioch , upon his appointment to the Moesian command , Aemilian was already envious of Gallus and plotted treachery against him .
Aemilianus	He was also an opponent of the Roman Senate ; and his seditious plans are confirmed by Jerome and Jordanes .
Aemilianus	In 253 the Goths , led by king Cniva , protested not having received the tribute due by the Romans according to the treaty of 251 and crossed the border , attacking Cappadocia , Pessinus , and Ephesus ; the opinion of modern historians is that this missing payment was not a change in Roman policy , and the Goths were more likely trying to capitalize on their military prowess .
Aemilianus	Aemilian had command of the army assigned to defend the area .
Aemilianus	However , the recent defeat at the battle of Abrittus put his troops on edge .
Aemilianus	Aemilian exhorted them , reminding them of Roman honor ( according to Zosimus ) and promising tribute from the Goths ( according to Zonaras ) .
Aemilianus	The Romans took the Goths by surprise , killing most of them , followed by an invasion of their territory which resulted in booty and the liberation of prisoners .
Aemilianus	The Roman soldiers , gathered by Aemilian , acclaimed him Emperor .
Aemilianus	Jordanes claims , however , that Aemilian 's troops plundered Roman territory , rather than keep the tribute of the Goths .
Aemilianus	With his few men , Aemilian could hardly wait for the legitimate emperor Gallus to gather his forces , so he left his province unguarded and , with all his men , moved quickly towards Rome , to meet his opponent before he could receive reinforcements .
Aemilianus	While Aemilian descended upon Rome along the Flaminian Way , Trebonianus Gallus and his son and colleague Volusianus had him proclaimed `` enemy of the State '' by the Roman senate , then exited Rome to meet the usurper ; this strategy is a clue that Aemilian 's army was smaller than theirs , as it is probable that they did not expect the reinforcements to come in time , but trusted their larger army to win the clash .
Aemilianus	The two armies met at Interamna Nahars ( modern Terni ) , at the southern end of the eastern branch of the Flaminia , and Aemilian won the battle ; Gallus and Volusianus fled with few followers towards north , probably to gather time before the arrival of the reinforcements , but at Forum Flaminii ( modern San Giovanni Profiamma ) , on the western branch of Flaminia , they were killed by some of their own guards , who thought that their betrayal could earn them a reward .
Aemilianus	Aemilian moved towards Rome ; here the Roman senate , after a short opposition , decided to recognize him as emperor .
Aemilianus	According to some sources , after his recognition Aemilian wrote to the Senate , promising to fight for the Empire in Thrace and against Persia , and to relinquish his power to the Senate , of which he considered himself a general .
Aemilianus	Aemilian received the titles of Pius , Felix and Pater Patriae , the tribunicia potestas , and was elevated to the rank of pontifex maximus ; however , he was not elevated to consulate ( possibly a hint of his non-senatorial birth ) .
Aemilianus	His coinage shows that his propaganda was centred around his capability as military commander ; he had been able to defeat the Goths while nobody even believed this possible , and thus he was the right man for the job of restoring the power of the Roman Empire .
Aemilianus	However , Valerian , the governor of the Rhine provinces , was on his way south with an army , which according to Zosimus , had been called in as a reinforcement by Gallus .
Aemilianus	But modern historians believe this army , possibly mobilized for an incumbent campaign in the East , moved only after Gallus ' death to support its general 's bid for power .
Aemilianus	Emperor Aemilian 's men , fearful of a civil war and Valerian 's larger force , mutinied .
Aemilianus	Aemilian was killed by them at Spoletium or the Sanguinarium bridge , between Oriculum and Narnia ( half way between Spoletium and Rome ) , and recognized Valerian as the new emperor .
Aemilianus	After his death , which happened between late July and mid-September , a damnatio memoriae against Aemilian was declared .
Aemilianus	It is possible that the usurper Silbannacus was an officer left by Aemilian in Rome before moving against Valerian , who later tried to become emperor but then was killed .
Aemilianus	The troubled administration of this emperor was perhaps best summed up by Eutropius :
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Voruzhonnije Síly Rossíyskoj Federátsii ) are the military services of Russia , established after the dissolution of the Soviet Union .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	On 7 May 1992 , Boris Yeltsin signed a decree establishing the Russian Ministry of Defense and placing all Soviet Armed Forces troops on the territory of the RSFSR under Russian control .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The commander-in-chief of the armed forces is the president of Russia .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Although the Russian armed forces were formed in 1992 , the Russian military dates its roots back to the times of the Kievan Rus ' .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The number of troops is permitted by decree of the president of Russia .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	On 1 January 2008 , a quota of 2,019,629 units , including the military 1,134,800 units , was set .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	In 2010 the International Institute for Strategic Studies ( IISS ) estimated that the Russian armed forces numbered about 1,027,000 active troops and in the region of 20,000,000 reserves , ( largely ex-conscripts ) but a significant military reform is underway which will cut the number of active troops .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	According to SIPRI , Russia 's annual defense spending stands at about $ 52.7 billion in FY2011 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	As the Soviet Union officially dissolved on December 31 , 1991 , the Soviet military was left in limbo .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	For the next year and a half various attempts to keep its unity and transform it into the military of the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) failed .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Over time , the units stationed in Ukraine and some other breakaway republics swore loyalty to their new national governments , while a series of treaties between the newly independent states divided up the military 's assets .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Apart from assuming control of the bulk of the former Soviet Internal Troops and KGB Border Troops , seemingly the only independent defense move the new Russian leadership made before March 1992 was to announce the creation of a ` National Guard ' , which was eventually superseded by the takeover of the bulk of the former Soviet central defense apparatus .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	On 7 May 1992 , Yeltsin appointed himself as the new Russian minister of defense , marking a crucial step in the creation of the new Armed Forces .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	By December 1993 CIS military structures had become CIS military cooperation structures with all real influence lost .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	In the next few years , Russian forces withdrew from central and eastern Europe , as well as from some newly independent post-Soviet republics .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	While in most places the withdrawal took place without any problems , the Russian Armed Forces remained in some disputed areas such as the Sevastopol naval base in the Crimea as well as in Abkhazia and Transnistria .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The Armed Forces have several bases in foreign countries , especially on territory of the former Soviet Republics .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	A new military doctrine , promulgated in November 1993 , implicitly acknowledged the contraction of the old Soviet military into a regional military power without global imperial ambitions .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	In keeping with its emphasis on the threat of regional conflicts , the doctrine called for a Russian military that is smaller , lighter , and more mobile , with a higher degree of professionalism and with greater rapid deployment capability .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Such change proved extremely difficult to achieve .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Under Defense Minister Pavel Grachev , little military reform took place , though there was a plan to create more deployable Mobile Forces .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Later Defense Minister Rodionov had good qualifications but did not manage to institute lasting change .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Only under Defense Minister Igor Sergeyev did a certain amount of limited reforms begin , though attention was focused upon the Strategic Rocket Forces .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Significant reforms were announced in late 2008 under Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov , and major structural reorganisation began in 2009 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Key elements of the reforms announced in October 2008 include reducing the armed forces to a strength of one million by 2012 ( planned end-date was 2016 ) ; reducing the number of officers ; centralising officer training from 65 military schools into 10 ` systemic ' military training centres ; reducing the size of the central command ; introducing more civilian logistics and auxiliary staff ; elimination of cadre-strength formations ; reorganising the reserves ; reorganising the army into a brigade system ; and reorganising air forces into an air base system instead of regiments .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The number of military units is to be reduced in accordance with the table : An essential part of the military reform is its down-sizing .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	By the beginning of the reform , there were about 1,200,000 active personnel in the Russian army .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Largely , the reductions falls within the officers .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Personnel are to be reduced according to the table : The total number of the officer corps scheduled to reduce from 335 thousand to 150 thousand , but in early February 2011 Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov announced the decision to increase officers by 70 000 - to 220 thousand to counteract this .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The Defense Ministry of the Russian Federation serves as the administrative body of the Armed Forces .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Since Soviet times , the General Staff has acted as the main commanding and supervising body of the Russian armed forces : U.S. expert William Odom said in 1998 , that ` the Soviet General Staff without the MoD is conceivable , but the MoD without the General Staff is not . '
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	However , currently the General Staff 's role is being reduced to that of the Ministry 's department of strategic planning , the Minister himself , currently Anatoliy Serdyukov may now be gaining further executive authority over the troops .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Other departments include the personnel directorate as well as the Rear Services of the Armed Forces of Russia , railroad troops and construction troops .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The Chief of the General Staff is currently General of the Army Nikolai Makarov .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The Russian military is divided into the following branches : the Russian Ground Forces , the Russian Navy , and the Russian Air Force .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	There are also three independent arms of service : Strategic Missile Troops , Military Space Forces , and the Russian Airborne Troops .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The Troops of Air Defense , the former Soviet Air Defense Forces , have been subordinated into the Air Force since 1998 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The Armed Forces as a whole seem to be traditionally referred to as the Army ( armiya ) , except in some cases , the Navy .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	As of late 2010 the Ground Forces as well as the Air Forces and Navy are distributed among four military districts : Western Military District , Southern Military District , Central Military District , and the Eastern Military District which also constitute four Joint Strategic Commands - West , South , Central , and East .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Previously from 1992 to 2010 , the Ground Forces were divided into six military districts : Moscow , Leningrad , North Caucausian , Privolzhsk-Ural , Siberian and Far Eastern and Russia 's four fleets and one flotilla were organizations on par with the Ground Forces ' Military Districts .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	These six MDs were merged into the four new MDs , which now also incorporate the air forces and naval forces .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	There is one remaining Russian military base , the 102nd Military Base , in Armenia left of the former Transcaucasus Group of Forces .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	It may report to the Southern Military District .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The Navy consists of four fleets and one flotilla : Northern Fleet ( HQ at Severomorsk ) subordinated to Joint Strategic Command West .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Baltic Fleet ( HQ at Kaliningrad in the exclave of Kaliningrad Oblast ) subordinated to Joint Strategic Command West .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Black Sea Fleet ( HQ at Sevastopol , Ukraine subordinated to Joint Strategic Command South .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	( In 1997 , the Ukrainian government agreed that Russia would be allowed to lease several base areas around Sevastopol until 2017 . )
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	This lease has been extended by 25 years through 2042 with an option for an additional five years through 2047 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Caspian Flotilla ( HQ at Astrakhan ) subordinated to Joint Strategic Command South .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Pacific Fleet ( HQ at Vladivostok ) subordinated to Joint Strategic Command East .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	There is also the Kaliningrad Special Region , under the command of the Commander Baltic Fleet , which has Ground & Coastal Forces , formerly the 11th Guards Army , with a motor rifle division and a motor rifle brigade , and a fighter aviation regiment of Sukhoi Su-27 ` Flanker ' , as well as other forces .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Similarly , there is the Northeast Group of Troops and Forces , headquartered at Petropavlovsk-Kamchatskiy , comprising all Russian Armed Forces components in the Kamchatka Oblast and the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug ( district ) and subordinate to the Commander Pacific Fleet headquartered in Vladivostok .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	In mid 2010 a reorganisation was announced which consolidated military districts and the navy 's fleets into four Joint Strategic Commands ( OSC ) .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Geographically divided , the four commands will be : Joint Strategic Command West - Western Military District ( HQ in St. Petersburg ) , includes the Northern and Baltic Fleets ; Joint Strategic Command South - Southern Military District ( HQ in Rostov-on-Don ) includes the Black Sea Fleet and Caspian Flotilla ; Joint Strategic Command Center - Central Military District ( HQ in Yekaterinburg ) ; Joint Strategic Command East - Eastern Military District ( HQ in Khabarovsk ) , includes the Pacific Fleet .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The plan , was put in place on December 1 , 2010 , and mirrors a proposed reorganisation by former Chief of the General Staff Army General Yuri Baluyevsky for a Regional Command East which was not in fact implemented .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The four commands were set up by a decree of President Medvedev on 14 July 2010 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	In July 2011 , an Operational-Strategic Command of Missile-Space Defense has also been established on the basis of the former Special Purpose Command of the Russian Air Force .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	It is expected to be operational on December 1 , 2011 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	A decision whether the VKO will be subordinated to the Air Force or the Space Forces has yet to be taken .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Commander of the VKO is General-Lieutenant Valery Ivanov .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	A Presidential decree of January 2011 named commanders for several of the new organisational structures .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Russian military command posts , according to Globalsecurity.org , include Chekhov\/Sharapovo about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) south of Moscow , for the General Staff and President , Chaadayevka near Penza , Voronovo in Moscow , and a facility at Lipetsk all for the national leadership , Yamantau in the Urals , and command posts for the Strategic Rocket Forces at Kuntsevo in Moscow ( primary ) and Kosvinsky Mountain in the Urals ( alternate ) .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	It is speculated that many of the Moscow bunkers are linked by the special underground Moscow Metro 2 line .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Russian security bodies not under the control of the Ministry of Defense include the Internal Troops of the Ministry of Internal Affairs , the Border Guard Service of Russia ( part of the Federal Security Service ) , the Kremlin Regiment and the rest of the Federal Protective Service ( Russia ) , the Federal Communications and Information Agency , and the Ministry of Emergency Situations , the country 's civil defense service since 1995 and successor to earlier civil defense units .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	As of 2008 ( update ) , some 480,000 young men are brought into the Army via Conscription in Russia in two call-ups each year .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The term of service is 12 months .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Eligible age is 18 to 27 years old .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Deferments are provided to undergraduate and graduate students , men solely supporting disabled relatives , parents of at least two children and - upon Presidential proclamation - to some employees of military-oriented enterprises .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Men holding Ph.D. as well as sons and brothers of servicemen killed or disabled during their military service are released of conscription .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	There are widespread problems with hazing in the Army , known as dedovshchina , where first-year draftees are bullied by second-year draftees , a practice that appeared in its current form after the change to a two-year service term in 1967 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	To combat this problem , a new decree was signed in March 2007 , which cut the conscription service term from 24 to 18 months .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The term was cut further to one year on January 1 , 2008 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Thirty percent of Russian Armed Forces ' personnel were contract servicemen at the end of 2005 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	For the foreseeable future , the Armed Forces will be a mixed contract\/conscript force .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The Russian Armed Forces need to maintain a mobilization reserve to have manning resources capable of reinforcing the permanent readiness forces if the permanent readiness forces can not deter or suppress an armed conflict on their own .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The ranks of the Russian military are also open to non-Russian citizens of the Commonwealth of Independent States , of which Russia is the largest member .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	By December 2003 , the Russian parliament had approved a law in principle to permit the Armed Forces to employ foreign nationals on contract by offering them Russian citizenship after several years service .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Yet up to 2010 , foreigners could only serve in Russia 's armed forces after getting a Russian passport .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Under a 2010 Defense Ministry plan , foreigners without dual citizenship would able to sign up for five-year contracts and will be eligible for Russian citizenship after serving three years .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The change could open the way for CIS citizens to get fast-track Russian citizenship , and counter the effects of Russia 's demographic crisis on its army recruitment .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Awards and decorations of the Armed Forces are covered at Awards and Emblems of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	On 17 November 2011 , General Nikolai Makarov said that Russia had reached a crisis in the conscript service where there simply were not sufficient able bodied men to draft and was forced to halve its conscription .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	In 1988 military spending was a single line item in the Soviet state budget , totaling 21 billion rubles ( 687.77100 million U.S. dollars ) .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Given the size of the military establishment , however , the actual figure was considered to be far higher .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	However , between 1991 and 1997 newly independent Russia 's defense spending fell by a factor of eight in real prices .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Between 1988 and 1993 weapons production in Russia fell by at least 50 % for virtually every major weapons system .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	In 1998 , when Russia experienced a severe financial crisis , its military expenditure in real terms reached its lowest point - barely one-quarter of the USSR 's in 1991 , and two-fifths of the level of 1992 , the first year of Russia 's independent existence .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Defense spending is consistently increasing by at least a minimum of one-third year-on-year , leading to overall defense expenditure almost quadrupling over the past six years , and according to Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin , this rate is to be sustained through 2010 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Official government military spending for 2005 was US $ 32.4 billion , though various sources , have estimated Russia 's military expenditures to be considerably higher than the reported amount .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Estimating Russian military expenditure is beset with difficulty ; the annual IISS Military Balance has underscored the problem numerous times within its section on Russia .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The IISS Military Balance comments - ` By simple observation .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	.
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	( the military budget ) would appear to be lower than is suggested by the size of the armed forces or the structure of the military-industrial complex , and thus neither of the figures is particularly useful for comparative analysis ' .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	By some estimates , overall Russian defense expenditure is now at the second highest in the world after the USA .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	According to Alexander Kanshin , Chairman of the Public Chamber of Russia on affairs of veterans , military personnel , and their families , the Russian military is losing up to US$ 13 billion to corruption every year .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	On 16 September 2008 Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin announced that in 2009 , Russian defense budget will be increased to a record amount of $ 50 billion .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	On 16 February 2009 Russia 's deputy defense minister said state defense contracts would not be subject to cuts this year despite the ongoing financial crisis , and that there would be no decrease in 2009 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The budget would still be 1,376 billion roubles and in the current exchange rates this would amount to $ 41.5 billion .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	However , later that month , due to the world financial crisis , the Russian Parliament 's Defense Committee stated that the Russian defense budget would instead be slashed by 15 percent , from $ 40 billion to $ 34 billion , with further cuts to come .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	On 5 May 2009 , First Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Ivanov said that the defense budget for 2009 will be 1.3 trillion rubles ( US$ 39.4 billion ) .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	322 billion rubles are allocated to purchase weapons , and the rest of the fund will be spent on construction , fuel storage and food supply .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	About 70 % of the former Soviet Union 's defense industries are located in the Russian Federation .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Many defense firms have been privatized ; some have developed significant partnerships with firms in other countries .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The structure of the state defense order under President Putin changed .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Priority was given to the acquisition of sophisticated modern weapons , in light of the events in Chechnya .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Previously , financing of strategic nuclear deterrence forces had been a priority , and up to 80 % of assignments for the state defense order were spent on their needs .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	It was planned that beginning from 2000 the state defense order would comprise two priority directions : assignments for the nuclear deterrence forces , and assignments for purchase of conventional arms including the precision guided weapons .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The recent steps towards modernisation of the Armed Forces have been made possible by Russia 's economic resurgence based on oil and gas revenues as well a strengthening of its own domestic market .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Mainly as a result of lessons learned during the August War , the State Armament Programme for 2011-2020 was launched in December 2010 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Prime Minister Putin announced that 20-21 .5 trillion roubles ( over $ 650 billion ) will be allocated to purchase new hardware in the next 10 years .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	The aim is to have a growth of 30 % of modern equipment in the army , navy and air force by 2015 , and of 70 % by 2020 .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	In some categories , the proportion of new weapon systems will reach 80 % or even 100 % .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	At this point , the Russian MOD plans to purchase , among others , up to 150 ICBMs , 600 aircraft , 1,000 helicopters , 18 submarines , 15 frigates , 35 corvettes and 62 air defense battalions .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	Several existing types will be upgraded .
Armed_Forces_of_the_Russian_Federation	As of 2011 , Russia 's chief military prosecutor said that 20 % of the defense budget was being stolen or defrauded yearly .
Acherontia_atropos	Acherontia atropos is the most widely-known of the three species of Death 's - head Hawk moth .
Acherontia_atropos	Acherontia species are notorious mainly for a vaguely skull-shaped pattern on the thorax .
Acherontia_atropos	Acherontia atropos is a large hawk moth with a wingspan of 90-130 mm ( about 3.5 to 5 inches ) , being the largest moth in some of the regions in which it occurs .
Acherontia_atropos	The adult has the typical streamlined wings and body of the hawk moth family , Sphingidae .
Acherontia_atropos	The upper wings are brown with slight yellow wavy lines ; the lower wings are yellow with some wide brown waves .
Acherontia_atropos	It rests during the day on trees or in the litter , holding the wings like a tent over the body .
Acherontia_atropos	The moth also has numerous other unusual features .
Acherontia_atropos	It has the ability to emit a loud squeak if irritated .
Acherontia_atropos	The sound is produced by expelling air from its proboscis .
Acherontia_atropos	It often accompanies this sound with flashing its brightly marked abdomen in a further attempt to deter its predators .
Acherontia_atropos	It is commonly observed raiding beehives for honey at night .
Acherontia_atropos	Unlike the other species of Acherontia , it only attacks colonies of the well-known Western honey bee , Apis mellifera .
Acherontia_atropos	It is attacked by guard bees at the entrance , but the thick cuticle and resistance to venom allow it to enter the hive .
Acherontia_atropos	It is able to move about in hives unmolested because it mimics the scent of the bees .
Acherontia_atropos	The British entomological journal Atropos takes its name from this species .
Acherontia_atropos	The species name Atropos is related to death , derived from atropos that may not be turned , from a-1 + - tropos ( Greek : τρόπος ) from trepein to turn .
Acherontia_atropos	Atropos was one of the three Moirai , goddesses of fate and destiny .
Acherontia_atropos	In addition the genus name Acherontia is derived from Acheron , a river in Greece , which in Greek mythology was known as the river of pain , and was one of the five rivers of the Greek underworld .
Acherontia_atropos	Acherontia atropos occurs throughout the Middle East and the Mediterranean region , much of Africa down to the southern tip , and increasingly as far north as southern Great Britain due to recently mild British winters .
Acherontia_atropos	It occurs as far east as India and western Saudi Arabia , and as far west as the Canary Islands and Azores .
Acherontia_atropos	It invades western Eurasia frequently , although few individuals successfully overwinter .
Acherontia_atropos	There are several generations of Acherontia atropos per year , with continuous broods in Africa .
Acherontia_atropos	In the northern parts of its range the species overwinters in the pupal stage .
Acherontia_atropos	Eggs are laid singly under old leaves of Solanaceae : potato especially , but also Physalis and other nightshades .
Acherontia_atropos	However it also has been recorded on members of the Verbenaceae , e.g. Lantana , and on members of the families Cannabaceae , Oleaceae , and others .
Acherontia_atropos	The larvae are stout with a posterior horn , as is typical of larvae of the Sphingidae .
Acherontia_atropos	Most sphingid larvae however , have fairly smooth posterior horns , possibly with a simple curve , either upward or downward .
Acherontia_atropos	In contrast , Acherontia species and certain relatives bear a posterior horn embossed with round projections about the thicker part .
Acherontia_atropos	The horn itself bends downwards near the base , but curls upwards towards the tip .
Acherontia_atropos	The newly-hatched larva starts out a light shade of green but darkens after feeding , with yellow stripes diagonally on the sides .
Acherontia_atropos	In the second instar , it has thorn-like horns on the back .
Acherontia_atropos	In the third instar , purple or blue edging develops on the yellow stripes and the tail horn turns from black to yellow .
Acherontia_atropos	In the final instar , the thorns disappear and the larva may adopt one of three color morphs : green , brown , or yellow .
Acherontia_atropos	Larvae do not move much , and will click their mandibles or even bite if threatened , though the bite is effectively harmless to the human skin .
Acherontia_atropos	The larva grows to about 120-130 mm , and pupates in an underground chamber .
Acherontia_atropos	The pupa is smooth and glossy with the proboscis fused to the body , as in most Lepidoptera .
Acherontia_atropos	In spite of the fact that Acherontia atropos is perfectly harmless except as a minor pest to crops and to beehives , the fancied skull pattern has burdened the moth with a negative reputation , such as associations with the supernatural and evil .
Acherontia_atropos	There are numerous superstitions to the effect that the moth brings bad luck to the house into which it flies , and that death or grave misfortune may be expected to follow .
Acherontia_atropos	More prosaically , in South Africa at least , uninformed people have claimed that the moth has a poisonous , often fatal , sting ( possibly referring mainly to the proboscis , but sometimes to the horn on the posterior of the larva ) .
Acherontia_atropos	Acherontia atropos has been featured in art ( notably in The Hireling Shepherd ) , Bram Stoker 's `` Dracula '' and in movies , notably in Un chien andalou and the promotional marquee posters for The Silence of the Lambs .
Acherontia_atropos	In the latter film the moth is used as a calling card by the serial killer `` Buffalo Bill '' , though the movie script refers to Acherontia styx , and the moths that appear in the film are Acherontia atropos .
Acherontia_atropos	In The Mothman Prophecies this moth is referred to .
Acherontia_atropos	It also appears in the music video to Massive Attack 's single , `` Butterfly Caught . ''
Acherontia_atropos	The Death 's - head moth is mentioned in Susan Hill 's gothic horror novel , I 'm the King of the Castle as it is used to instil fear in one of the young protagonists .
Acherontia_atropos	John Keats mentioned the moth as a symbol of death in his Ode to Melancholy , `` Make not your rosary of yew-berries , \/ Nor let the beetle , nor the death-moth be \/ Your mournful Psyche '' .
Acherontia_atropos	In José Saramago 's novel Death With Interruptions , Acherontia atropos appears on the American edition 's cover , and is a topic that two characters mull over .
A_major	A major ( or the key of A ) is a major scale based on A , with the pitches A , B , C ♯ , D , E , F ♯ , and G ♯ .
A_major	Its key signature has three sharps .
A_major	Its relative minor is F-sharp minor and its parallel minor is A minor .
A_major	The key of A major is the only key where a Neapolitan sixth chord on requires both a flat and a natural accidental .
A_major	In the treble , alto , and bass clefs , the G ♯ in the key signature is placed higher than C ♯ .
A_major	However , in the tenor clef , it would require a ledger line and so G ♯ is placed lower than C ♯ .
A_major	Although not as rare in the symphonic literature as sharper keys , examples of symphonies in A major are not as numerous as for D major or G major .
A_major	Beethoven 's Symphony No. 7 , Bruckner 's Symphony No. 6 and Mendelssohn 's Symphony No. 4 comprise a nearly complete list of symphonies in this key in the Romantic era .
A_major	Mozart 's Clarinet Concerto and Clarinet Quintet are both in A major , and generally Mozart was more likely to use clarinets in A major than in any other key besides E-flat major .
A_major	A major occurs frequently in chamber music .
A_major	Franz Schubert 's Piano Quintet known as the Trout Quintet and Antonín Dvořák 's Piano Quintet No. 2 are both in A major .
A_major	Johannes Brahms , César Franck , and Gabriel Fauré wrote violin sonatas in A major .
A_major	In connection to Beethoven 's Kreutzer Sonata , Peter Cropper said that A major `` is the fullest sounding key for the violin . ''
A_major	According to Christian Friedrich Daniel Schubart , A major is a key suitable for `` declarations of innocent love , ... hope of seeing one 's beloved again when parting ; youthful cheerfulness and trust in God . ''
A_major	For orchestral works in A major , the timpani are typically set to A and E a fifth apart , rather than a fourth apart as for most other keys .
A_major	Hector Berlioz complained about the custom of his day in which timpani tuned to A and E a fifth apart were notated C and G a fourth apart , a custom which survived as late as the music of Franz Berwald .
All_For_Latvia!	All For Latvia !
All_For_Latvia!	( Latvian : Visu Latvijai ! )
All_For_Latvia!	was a nationalist political party in Latvia .
All_For_Latvia!	started as a political youth organization in 2000 and became a political party in January 2006 , running in 2006 elections .
All_For_Latvia!	It won 1.48 % of vote and no seats in the parliament .
All_For_Latvia!	Its leaders are Raivis Dzintars and Imants Parādnieks .
All_For_Latvia!	For the 2010 elections for the Saeima , All for Latvia !
All_For_Latvia!	joined forces in the National Alliance with the more established national conservative party For Fatherland and Freedom\/LNNK to field a common list of candidates .
All_For_Latvia!	At the election , the list won eight seats , six of them for All for Latvia !
All_For_Latvia!	On 23 July 2011 , the two components of the National Alliance , For Fatherland and Freedom\/LNNK and All For Latvia , merged into a unitary party .
All_For_Latvia!	supports making Latvian citizenship laws more restrictive , by introducing strict limits on the number of people who can be naturalized into Latvian citizenship in one year .
All_For_Latvia!	would like to increase the percentage of ethnic Latvians from the current 59 % of the Latvian population to at least 75 % , by providing financial support to ethnic non-Latvians who would like to leave the country and ethnic Latvians from abroad who would like to return to Latvia .
All_For_Latvia!	supports a greater role for the Latvian language and proposes to make it the only language of instruction in publicly funded primary and secondary schools , starting from 2015 .
All_For_Latvia!	The party is opposed to European federalism .
All_For_Latvia!	supports protectionist economic policies to increase the role of locally owned businesses .
All_For_Latvia!	It is supportive of the traditional family , opposed to homosexuality , gambling and favors more restrictive regulation of alcohol sales .
All_For_Latvia!	It believes that the common interests of the nation have a higher value than the interests of individual people .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	Basketball has been a Summer Olympics sport for men consistently since 1936 .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	Prior to its inclusion as a medal sport , it was held as demonstration event in 1904 .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	Women 's basketball was played in the Olympics only since 1976 .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The United States is by far the most successful nation in Olympic basketball .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	American men 's teams won 13 of 16 tournaments they participated in , including seven successive titles from 1936 to 1968 .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	American women 's teams won 6 titles out of 8 participations , including four in a row from 1996 to 2008 .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	Basketball was invented by the Canadian James Naismith in Springfield , Massachusetts , in 1891 .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	Within a few decades , the new game became popular throughout the United States as an indoor sport .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The popularity spread overseas and the International Basketball Federation ( FIBA ) was organized in 1932 in Geneva , Switzerland .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	Thanks in part to the effort of Phog Allen ( Kansas Jayhawks collegiate coach ) , the first Olympic basketball tournament was organized in the 1936 Summer Olympics at Berlin on outdoor tennis courts .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	Dr. Naismith presented the medals to the top three teams .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	According to the Olympic rules of that time , all of the competitors were amateurs .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The tournament was held indoors for the first time in 1948 .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The American team proved its dominance , winning the first seven Olympic tournaments until 1968 without losing a single game .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The Soviet Union , that joined the Olympics in 1952 , became the Americans ' main rival , and was runner-up four successive times from 1952 to 1964 .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	Yugoslavia emerged as a major force in 1968 , when they beat the Soviets in the semifinal but lost to the Americans in the final .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The United States winning streak ended in 1972 , when the Soviet Union beat them in the gold-medal game in highly controversial circumstances .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The Americans refused to receive their silver medals and they have been kept in IOC possession ever since .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The Americans reclaimed the gold medal in 1976 , with Yugoslavia runner-up for the second time .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	In 1980 , with the Americans ' absence due to the boycott , Yugoslavia became the third team to win the title after beating the Soviets in the semifinals and Italy in the final .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The United States regained the title in 1984 , beating Spain in the final , with the Soviets boycotting this time .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The Soviets won the gold medal for the second time in 1988 , after beating the Americans for the second time in the semifinal , and the Yugoslavs in the gold medal game .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	In 1989 , through the leadership of President Borislav Stanković , FIBA approved the rule that allowed NBA players to compete in international tournaments , including the Olympics .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	In the next Olympics in 1992 , the `` Dream Team '' won the gold medal with average winning margin of 44 points , and without calling a time out .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	By this time , Soviet Union and Yugoslavia no longer existed , but their successors continued to be among the leading forces .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	Two newly-independent counties , Croatia and Lithuania , won the silver and bronze medals respectively .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The Americans repeated their victory in 1996 and 2000 , but they were not as impressive as in 1992 .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	In 1996 , Atlanta was the only host city so far with an NBA team since NBA players were allowed to compete in the Olympics , as Atlanta is home to the Hawks .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	Serbia and Montenegro was the runner-up in Atlanta , and France in Sydney , with Lithuania winning bronze again on both occasions .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The renewed dominance of the United States was interrupted in 2004 when the Americans suffered their third defeat in Olympic history to Argentina in the semifinals .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The Argentines went on to beat Italy in the final and become the fourth team to win the Olympic title .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	The United States regained the gold medal in 2008 , with Spain as runner-up , and won their first global title since the 2000 Olympics .
American_basketball_at_the_Olympics	^ A NOC was not member of IOC ^ B as China from 1936-56 ^ C part of Yugoslavia from 1936-1988 ^ D competed as part of Soviet Union from 1952-88 ^ E as West Germany from 1968-88 ^ F part of Unified Team in 1992 ^ G now Serbia , as FR Yugoslavia from 1992-2002 ^ H part of Yugoslavia from 1936-1988 ^ I part of Malaysia in 1964 .
Alcina	Alcina ( HWV 34 ) is an opera seria by George Frideric Handel .
Alcina	Handel used the libretto of L'isola di Alcina , an opera that was set in 1728 in Rome by Riccardo Broschi , which he acquired the year after , during his travels in Italy .
Alcina	The plot was originally taken from - but partly altered for better conformity - Ludovico Ariosto 's Orlando furioso ( like those of the Handel operas Orlando and Ariodante ) , an epic poem set in the time of Charlemagne 's wars against Islam .
Alcina	The opera contains several musical sequences with opportunity for dance : these were composed for dancer Marie Sallé .
Alcina	Alcina was composed for Handel 's first season at the Covent Garden Theatre , London .
Alcina	It premiered on April 16 , 1735 .
Alcina	Like the composer 's other works in the opera seria genre , it fell into obscurity ; after a revival in Brunswick in 1738 it was not performed again until a production in Leipzig in 1928 .
Alcina	The Australian soprano Joan Sutherland sang the role in a production by Franco Zeffirelli in which she made her debut at La Fenice in February 1960 and at the Dallas Opera in November of that year .
Alcina	She performed in the same production at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , in 1962 .
Alcina	It was performed at Ledlanet , Scotland , in 1969 .
Alcina	A major production was that of Robert Carsen , staged originally for the Opera de Paris in 1999 and repeated at the Lyric Opera of Chicago , which featured Renée Fleming in the title role .
Alcina	The background of the opera comes from the poem Orlando Furioso .
Alcina	The heroic knight Ruggiero is destined to a short but glorious life , and a benevolent magician is always whisking him away from the arms of his fiancée , Bradamante .
Alcina	Bradamante is not the type to put up with the constant disappearance of her lover , and she spends vast portions of the poem in full armor chasing after him .
Alcina	Just before the opera begins she has rescued him from an enchanted castle , only to have her flying horse ( a hippogriff ) take a fancy to Ruggiero and fly off with him .
Alcina	Ruggiero and the hippogriff land on an island in the middle of the ocean .
Alcina	As the hippogriff begins to eat the leaves of a myrtle bush , Ruggiero is startled to hear the bush begin to speak .
Alcina	The bush reveals that it was once a living soul named Sir Astolfo , and the island belongs to the sister sorceresses Alcina and Morgana .
Alcina	The beautiful Alcina seduces every knight that lands on her isle , but soon tires of her lovers and changes them into stones , animals , plants , or anything that strikes her fancy .
Alcina	Despite Astolfo 's warning , Ruggiero strides off to meet this sorceress - and falls under her spell .
Alcina	Bradamante , again searching for her lover , arrives on Alcina 's island with Ruggiero 's former tutor , Melisso .
Alcina	Dressed in armor , Bradamante looks like a young man and goes by the name of her own brother , Ricciardo .
Alcina	She and Melisso possess a magic ring which enables the wearer to see through illusion , which they plan to use to break Alcina 's spells and release her captives .
Alcina	The first person they meet is the sorceress Morgana .
Alcina	Barely human and with no understanding of true love , she immediately abandons her own lover Oronte for the handsome ` Ricciardo . '
Alcina	Morgana conveys the visitors to Alcina 's court , where Bradamante is dismayed to discover that Ruggiero is besotted with Alcina and in a state of complete amnesia about his previous life .
Alcina	Also at Alcina 's court is a boy , Oberto , who is looking for his father , Astolfo , who was last seen heading toward this island .
Alcina	Bradamante guesses that Astolfo is now transformed into something , but she holds her peace and concerns herself with Ruggiero .
Alcina	Bradamante and Melisso rebuke Ruggiero for his desertion , but he ca n't think of anything except Alcina .
Alcina	Meanwhile , Oronte discovers that Morgana has fallen in love with ` Ricciardo , ' and challenges ` him ' to a duel .
Alcina	Morgana stops the fight , but Oronte is in a foul mood and takes it out on Ruggiero .
Alcina	He tells the young man exactly how Alcina treats her former lovers and adds that , as far as he can tell , Alcina has fallen in love with the newcomer , Ricciardo .
Alcina	Ruggiero is horrified and overwhelms Alcina with his jealous fury .
Alcina	Things get even worse when ` Ricciardo ' enters and pretends to admire Alcina .
Alcina	Alcina calms Ruggiero , but Bradamante is so upset at seeing her fiancé wooed before her very eyes that she reveals her true identity to Ruggiero .
Alcina	Melisso hastily contradicts her and Ruggiero becomes very confused .
Alcina	Alcina tells Morgana that she plans to turn Ricciardo into an animal , just to show Ruggiero how much she really loves him .
Alcina	Morgana begs Ricciardo to escape the island and Alcina 's clutches , but ` he ' says he 'd rather stay , as he loves another .
Alcina	Morgana believes that this other person is herself , and the act ends with her triumphant aria `` Tornami a vagheggiar . ''
Alcina	Melisso recalls Ruggiero to reason and duty by letting him wear the magic ring : under its influence , Ruggiero sees the island as it really is-a desert , peopled with monsters .
Alcina	Appalled , he realizes he must leave , and sings the famous aria `` Verdi prati '' ( `` Green meadows '' ) where he admits that even though he knows the island and Alcina are mere illusion , their beauty will haunt him for the rest of his life .
Alcina	Melisso warns Ruggiero that he ca n't just leave ; Alcina still wields immense power , and he should cover his escape by telling her that he wishes to go hunting .
Alcina	Ruggiero agrees , but , thoroughly bewildered by the magic and illusion surrounding him , he refuses to believe his eyes when he at last sees Bradamante as herself , believing that she may be another of Alcina 's illusions .
Alcina	Bradamante is in despair , as is Alcina .
Alcina	Convinced of Ruggiero 's indifference , she enters to turn Ricciardo into an animal , and Ruggiero has to pull himself together quickly and convince the sorceress that he does n't need any proof of her love .
Alcina	It is at this point that the audience realizes that Alcina genuinely loves Ruggiero ; from now until the end of the opera , she is depicted sympathetically .
Alcina	Oronte realizes that Ricciardo , Melisso and Ruggiero are in some sort of alliance , and Morgana and Alcina realize they are being deceived .
Alcina	But it is too late : Alcina 's powers depend on illusion and , as true love enters her life , her magic powers slip away .
Alcina	As the act ends , Alcina tries to call up evil spirits to stop Ruggiero from leaving her , but her magic fails her .
Alcina	After this the opera finishes swiftly .
Alcina	Morgana and Oronte try to rebuild their relationship ; she returns to him and he rebuffs her but ( once she is offstage ) admits he loves her still .
Alcina	Ruggiero returns to his proper heroic status and sings an aria accompanied by high horns ; Oberto is introduced to a lion , to whom he feels strangely attached , and Alcina sings a desolate aria in which she longs for oblivion .
Alcina	Bradamante and Ruggiero decide that they need to destroy the source of Alcina 's magic , usually represented as an urn .
Alcina	Alcina pleads with them , but Ruggiero is deaf to her appeals and smashes the urn .
Alcina	As he does so , everything is both ruined and restored .
Alcina	Alcina 's magic palace crumbles to dust and she and Morgana sink into the ground , but Alcina 's lovers are returned to their proper selves .
Alcina	The lion turns into Oberto 's father , Astolfo , and other people stumble on , `` I was a rock , '' says one , `` I a tree '' says another , and `` I a wave in the ocean ... '' All the humans sing of their relief and joy , and Alcina is forgotten .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	The 2007 enlargement of the European Union saw Bulgaria and Romania join the European Union ( EU ) on 1 January 2007 .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	It was the latest expansion of the EU , though considered by the European Commission as part of the same wave ( the fifth ) as the 2004 enlargement .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	Romania was the first country of post-communist Europe to have official relations with the European Community .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	In 1974 , a treaty included Romania in the Community 's Generalized System of Preferences .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	Since the Romanian Revolution of 1989 , European Union ( EU ) membership has been the main goal of every Romanian Government and practically every Politics of Romania  political party in Romania ) ) .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	Romania signed its Europe Agreement in 1993 , and submitted its official application for membership in the EU in 1995 , the third of the post-communist European countries to do so after Hungary and Poland .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	Along with its official EU application , Romania submitted the `` Snagov Declaration '' , signed by all fourteen major political parties declaring their full support for EU membership .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	During the 2000s , Romania implemented a number of reforms to prepare for EU accession , including the consolidation of its democratic systems , the institution of the rule of law , the acknowledgement of respect for human rights , the commitment to personal freedom of expression , and the implementation of a functioning free-market economy .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	The objective of joining the EU has also influenced Romania 's regional relations .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	As a result , Romania has imposed visa regimes on a number of states , including Russia , Ukraine , Belarus , Serbia , Montenegro , Turkey and Moldova .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	Within the framework of integration meetings held between the EU member states and Bulgaria , an ` Association Committee ' was held on 22 June 2004 .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	It confirmed overall good progress for the preparation of accession ; however , it highlighted the need for further reform of Bulgaria 's judicial structures , particularly in its pre-trial phases , as well as the need for further efforts to fight against political corruption and organized crime , including human trafficking .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	There was also , according to the report , limited progress regarding the integration of the Roma community .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	The findings were reflected in the 2004 Regular Report .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	The Brussels European Council of December 17 2004 confirmed the conclusion of accession negotiations with Bulgaria .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	The 26 September 2006 monitoring report of the European Commission confirmed the date once more , also announcing that Bulgaria and Romania would meet no direct restrictions , but progress in certain areas - reforms of the judicial system , elimination of corruption and the struggle against organized crime - would be strictly monitored .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	With this accession , Cyrillic became the third official alphabet of the EU , after the Latin and Greek alphabets .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	Cyrillic will also be featured on the euro banknotes and the national ( obverse ) side of the Bulgarian euro coins .
Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union	For details , see Linguistic issues concerning the euro .
Agathis	For the braconid wasp genus , see Agathis ( wasp ) .
Agathis	For details on New Zealand Kauri , see Agathis australis The type of gastropod marine mollusc is spelled cowrie , while the New Zealand land mollusc is spelled Kauri .
Agathis	The genus Agathis , commonly known as kauri or dammar , is a relatively small genus of 21 species of evergreen tree .
Agathis	The genus is part of the ancient Araucariaceae family of conifers , a group once widespread during the Jurassic period , but now largely restricted to the Southern Hemisphere except for a number of extant Malesian Agathis .
Agathis	Mature kauri trees have characteristically large trunks , forming a bole with little or no branching below the crown .
Agathis	In contrast , young trees are normally conical in shape , forming a more rounded or irregularly shaped crown as they achieve maturity .
Agathis	The bark is smooth and light gray to grey-brown , usually peeling into irregular flakes that become thicker on more mature trees .
Agathis	The branch structure is often horizontal or , when larger , ascending .
Agathis	The lowest branches often leave circular branch scars when they detach from the lower trunk .
Agathis	The juvenile leaves in all species are larger than the adult , more or less acute , varying among the species from ovate to lanceolate .
Agathis	Adult leaves are opposite , elliptical to linear , very leathery and quite thick .
Agathis	Young leaves are often a coppery-red , contrasting markedly with the usually green or glaucous-green foliage of the previous season .
Agathis	The male pollen cones appear usually only on larger trees after seed cones have appeared .
Agathis	The female seed cones usually develop on short lateral branchlets , maturing after two years .
Agathis	They are normally oval or globe shaped .
Agathis	Seeds of some species are attacked by the caterpillars of Agathiphaga , some of the most primitive of all living moths .
Agathis	Various species of kauri give diverse resins such as kauri copal , Manilla copal and Dammar gum .
Agathis	The timber is generally straight-grained and of fine quality with an exceptional strength-to-weight ratio and rot resistance , making it ideal for yacht hull construction .
Agathis	The wood is commonly used in the manufacture of low priced guitars due to its good resonating properties , yet relatively low price of production .
Agathis	It is also used for some Go boards ( goban ) .
Agathis	The uses of the New Zealand species ( A. australis ) included shipbuilding , house construction , wood panelling , furniture making , mine braces , and railway sleepers .
Australia_national_football_team	The Australia national association football team represents Australia in international association football competitions .
Australia_national_football_team	Its official nickname is the `` Socceroos '' .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia topped their group in the 2010 World Cup qualification without losing a match and only conceding one goal , and became one of the first nations to qualify for the finals tournament : during the qualification , they reached their highest placing , 14th , in the FIFA World Rankings .
Australia_national_football_team	However , Australia failed to progress past the group stage in the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
Australia_national_football_team	The first Australian national team was constituted in 1922 for a tour of New Zealand .
Australia_national_football_team	During the tour , Australia suffered two defeats and scraped a draw .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia , New Zealand , Republic of China and South Africa became regular opponents in `` Test '' or `` Friendly '' matches for the next 25 years .
Australia_national_football_team	With the advent of cheap air travel , Australia diversified its range of opponents .
Australia_national_football_team	However , its geographical isolation continued to play a role in its destiny for the next 80 years .
Australia_national_football_team	Archie Thompson , the Australian forward and number 20 , scored an amazing 13 goals in Nicky Salapu 's goal in the 12th , 23rd , 27th , 29th , 32nd , 37th , 42nd , 45th , 56th , 60th , 65th , 85th and 88th minutes , with unexpected mistakes by Nicky , even though saving many hard shots from the Australian players , some of them from the first 10 minutes of the game .
Australia_national_football_team	The Australian national team first played at the World Cup finals in West Germany in 1974 after having missed out in play-offs in 1966 and 1970 , losing to North Korea and Israel respectively .
Australia_national_football_team	The road to the 1974 World Cup began with a series of home and away matches against Iraq , New Zealand , and Indonesia .
Australia_national_football_team	The Socceroos , having won this tournament , then played and won a two-legged fixture against one of the Socceroos ' biggest rivals Iran , managing to hold on to a slim overall lead in front of 120,000 Iranian fans in the Azadi Stadium , Tehran , during the second leg .
Australia_national_football_team	South Korea , having itself knocked out Israel at the equivalent stage , was then drawn as Australia 's final hurdle .
Australia_national_football_team	Over the course of another two-legged playoff the scores remained even , and so a deciding match was played in Hong Kong .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia won this match , through a Jimmy Mackay goal , scored off a free kick .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia were drawn into Group A consisting of hosts and favorites West Germany , East Germany and Chile .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia held the East German 's 0-0 at half-time before defender Colin Curran deflected the ball into his own net early in the second half .
Australia_national_football_team	East German striker Joachim Streich then secured the points with a goal half-way through the second half , with the game finishing 2-0 .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia lost their following match to West Germany 3-0 with goals to Wolfgang Overath , Bernhard Cullmann and star-striker Gerd Müller .
Australia_national_football_team	Having lost both their opening games , Australia could not proceed further in the tournament and the Australians managed to hold Chile to a scoreless draw , seeing Australia earn its first ever World Cup finals point .
Australia_national_football_team	It was to be the last appearance for the Australian team until the World Cup tournament returned to Germany more than three decades later .
Australia_national_football_team	Over that 32 year time span , the Australian team was known for its near misses in its attempts to qualify for the FIFA World Cup , most notably 1998 against Iran and 2002 against Uruguay .
Australia_national_football_team	Before that , they lost play-offs in 1966 ( to North Korea ) , 1970 ( to Israel ) , 1986 ( to Scotland ) , and 1994 ( to Argentina ) and even lost to Fiji in the OFC qualifying matches in 1988 1-0 .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia 's road to USA 94 is an example of the difficult qualifying path which members of the Oceania confederation have had to endure .
Australia_national_football_team	In order to qualify for USA 94 , Australia had to endure 3 playoff stages .
Australia_national_football_team	The first stage was the Oceania playoff .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia finished on top of Group 1 in Oceania going undefeated in four games against weaker sides Tahiti and the Solomon Islands and scoring thirteen goals over the four games .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia played New Zealand in the Oceania playoff .
Australia_national_football_team	The first leg was played in New Zealand on 30 May 1993 , with Australia winning the game 1-0 .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia won the return leg 3-0 to win the playoff stage with a 4-0 aggregate score .
Australia_national_football_team	Having won the Oceania playoff , Australia now had to win a 2-leg playoff against Canada , the CONCACAF runner up .
Australia_national_football_team	The first leg was played in Canada on 31 July 1993 , with the Canadians winning the 1st leg 2-1 .
Australia_national_football_team	In the second leg , which was played on 15 August 1993 in Sydney , Australia managed a 2-1 win which saw the game go into extra time after a 3-3 aggregate scoreline .
Australia_national_football_team	The game went into a penalty shootout which was won by Australia 4-1 .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia then qualified for the 2-leg playoff against the South American group 1 runner up , Argentina .
Australia_national_football_team	The first leg was played in Sydney on 31 October 1993 .
Australia_national_football_team	The 1st leg ended with a 1-1 draw .
Australia_national_football_team	On 17 November 1993 , the second leg was played in Argentina , with Argentina winning 1-0 and denying Australia a place at the 1994 World Cup in the United States .
Australia_national_football_team	After the game Argentine legend Diego Maradona was so impressed with the Socceroos performance that he said to then captain Paul Wade `` Your tears of pain , will one day be tears of joy '' .
Australia_national_football_team	Just to qualify for the 1994 World Cup Australia would have had to beat Argentina , the runners-up from the 1990 World Cup , and ranked 9th in the world at that time .
Australia_national_football_team	In 1997 Australia failed to qualify for the World Cup finals despite being undefeated in the qualifying rounds .
Australia_national_football_team	After winning the OFC qualifying tournament , Australia had to play Iran over two legs in one week , with the winner progressing to the World Cup finals to be held in France .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia , under coach Terry Venables , tied the away leg 1-1 and looked like they were going to proceed to the finals in France , initially leading 2-0 in the home game in Melbourne , until Iran managed to score two late goals to tie the game and progress to the finals on the away goals rule .
Australia_national_football_team	This match has been named one of the most memorable matches by many of the retired Australian and Iranian football players .
Australia_national_football_team	At the time the crowd that packed the MCG was the highest ever for an association football match in Australia .
Australia_national_football_team	Second and third-string line-ups thrashed a number of tiny island nations in a competition that made a mockery of the Confederation , including a world-record 22-0 win against Tonga , then smashed that record with a 31-0 win over American Samoa only two days later .
Australia_national_football_team	Still missing Harry Kewell and Mark Viduka , Australia comfortably beat New Zealand , their only real threat in the Oceania confederation .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia then once again had to win a two leg playoff in November , in order to advance to the World Cup finals to be held in South Korea and Japan .
Australia_national_football_team	On this occasion the opposition was the 5th placed South American team , Uruguay .
Australia_national_football_team	In the preceding four months Uruguay 's preparation had been six World Cup qualifying matches , as follows : beat # 2 ranked Brazil 1:0 ; drew 1:1 with # 8 ranked Colombia ; drew 1:1 with # 2 ranked Argentina .
Australia_national_football_team	In contrast , Australia 's preparation had included no qualifying games since two matches in 4 days in June , against # 81 ranked New Zealand , although had played two friendly matches - a loss to Japan in August and a 1:1 draw with France in November .
Australia_national_football_team	In the first leg in Melbourne , Australia won 1-0 after Kevin Muscat scored from a penalty kick ; however , Australia 's qualification campaign ended unsuccessfully as they lost 3-0 in the away leg in Montevideo just five days later with the South Americans proving too strong .
Australia_national_football_team	The team 's previously poor record in World Cup competition was not reflected in their reasonable performances against strong European and South American sides .
Australia_national_football_team	In 1988 , Australia defeated Argentina 4-1 in the Bicentennial Gold Cup .
Australia_national_football_team	In 1997 , Australia drew with Brazil 0-0 in the group stage and then defeated Uruguay 1-0 in the semi-finals to reach the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup Final .
Australia_national_football_team	Another highlight for Australian football was the 3-1 victory over England in a friendly in London in 2003 .
Australia_national_football_team	The team drew 2-2 with the Solomon Islands , which combined with other results put that team ahead of New Zealand in the standings and meaning that the Solomon Islands qualified for the final playoff rather than the expected New Zealand .
Australia_national_football_team	Coach Frank Farina stood down from the position by `` mutual consent '' on 29 June 2005 after Australia failed to win a game at the 2005 Confederations Cup , citing ever increasing speculation over his position .
Australia_national_football_team	On 22 July , Guus Hiddink was announced by FIFA as the new national coach .
Australia_national_football_team	This announcement came after intense speculation by the Australian media over potential candidates and even a premature announcement from Hiddink himself .
Australia_national_football_team	After some initial training sessions with the Australian team in the Netherlands , his first campaign as national coach resulted in a 11-1 aggregate win over the Solomon Islands in the OFC Qualifying Tournament Final .
Australia_national_football_team	The remaining task for Hiddink and Australia was the Oceania-South America playoff against the fifth placed team from the CONMEBOL Qualifying Tournament for a place in the World Cup .
Australia_national_football_team	In October 2005 , Australia beat Jamaica 5-0 in a friendly in London .
Australia_national_football_team	The win was the Socceroos ' biggest win against a team ranked higher than them in the FIFA World Rankings list and also Australia 's biggest win against a country which has participated in the World Cup .
Australia_national_football_team	Again , there was a huge contrast in preparation .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia had only two recent qualifying matches , against # 138 Solomon Islands , only three days apart .
Australia_national_football_team	Uruguay 's preparation had included four qualifying matches , in the previous two months , including : beaten # 26 Colombia , drawn with # 33 Ecuador , and beaten # 4 Argentina .
Australia_national_football_team	Uruguay called for the first leg to be moved a day earlier , to 11 November .
Australia_national_football_team	This idea was rejected by Australia .
Australia_national_football_team	As a result , Uruguay had announced that they had moved the kick off time back five hours to 9:00 pm local time on 12 November .
Australia_national_football_team	This meant that Australia would miss their direct flight back to Sydney for the second leg .
Australia_national_football_team	This would also mean that Uruguay would have an extra day of preparation for the second leg .
Australia_national_football_team	However , this plan backfired on the Uruguayans .
Australia_national_football_team	Their plans to charter a plane for a direct flight to Sydney fell through ( they ended up flying over in economy class seating on a regular commercial flight ) .
Australia_national_football_team	When Uruguay asked to move the kickoff back , Australia , which by that time had arranged , with their sponsor Qantas , a specially fitted out 767 ( which included massage tables , and much room and space ) for immediately after the game , refused .
Australia_national_football_team	Eventually , FIFA stepped in and ordered the kickoff moved back to 6:00 pm local time .
Australia_national_football_team	Uruguay defeated Australia 1-0 in Montevideo on 12 November 2005 , after a header from Dario Rodriguez .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia had the better of their Uruguayan opponents for a lot of the match , but they could not capitalize on their opportunities .
Australia_national_football_team	In Sydney , on 16 November for the second leg of the qualifying series and in front of 82,698 fans at Telstra Stadium , Australia led Uruguay 1-0 after 90 minutes following a goal by Mark Bresciano in the first half .
Australia_national_football_team	The aggregate was tied , and extra time was played .
Australia_national_football_team	Neither team scored after two periods of extra time , bringing the game to a penalty shootout .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia won the penalty shootout 4-2 , making Australia the only team to ever qualify for a World Cup via a penalty shootout .
Australia_national_football_team	Australian goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer made two saves and John Aloisi scored the winning penalty .
Australia_national_football_team	Their ranking on the FIFA World Rankings improved in subsequent months , leapfrogging other qualified countries .
Australia_national_football_team	Many commentators and fans felt that the only way for Australia to progress was to abandon the Oceania Football Confederation .
Australia_national_football_team	Football had developed over time to place increasing importance on tournaments rather than friendly matches .
Australia_national_football_team	This established the Continental championships and their qualifiers as the major source of competitive matches for national teams .
Australia_national_football_team	This served to starve Australia of potential opponents and resulted in long gaps between fixtures for the national team .
Australia_national_football_team	Football broadcaster and former Socceroos captain Johnny Warren , expressed his desire for Australia to join Asia .
Australia_national_football_team	Despite previous attempts to do so , each notoriously ending in failure , a story was leaked from Tokyo in March 2005 suggesting that FIFA had entered into secret discussions with the AFC on this very issue .
Australia_national_football_team	On 23 March , the AFC Executive Committee made a unanimous decision to invite Australia to join the AFC .
Australia_national_football_team	AFC President , Mohammed Bin Hammam , outlined reasons for this decision .
Australia_national_football_team	As well as being a developed football nation , Australia brings a developed economy and this is actually what we want in football .
Australia_national_football_team	Besides Japan , Korea , China and Saudi Arabia if Australia joins the benefits are huge , this is what we 're after .
Australia_national_football_team	On 17 April , the OFC executive committee unanimously endorsed Australia 's proposed move .
Australia_national_football_team	Earlier , on 1 December , the AFC Executive Committee announced that Australia would be put into the ASEAN zone .
Australia_national_football_team	Currently , Australia is an invitee member of ASEAN Football Federation .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia was duly entered into the 2007 AFC Asian Cup qualification .
Australia_national_football_team	On 4 January , Australia was drawn into group D , alongside Bahrain , Lebanon and Kuwait .
Australia_national_football_team	Lebanon later withdrew due to recent military conflict in the area .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia 's first game as a member of the AFC was on 22 February , a 3-1 win away to Bahrain in the 2007 AFC Asian Cup qualification .
Australia_national_football_team	They subsequently qualified for the finals on 16 August after defeating Kuwait 2-0 .
Australia_national_football_team	In late December 2005 , Coach Guus Hiddink appointed former Dutch player , Johan Neeskens , as Assistant Coach , to work alongside Graham Arnold , Ron Smith , Tony Franken and Anthony Crea .
Australia_national_football_team	The home strip , similar to the 1974 outfit , is an entirely yellow shirt with green shorts .
Australia_national_football_team	The away strip is entirely obsidian blue with yellow trimmings ( the heraldic colors of Australia ) .
Australia_national_football_team	The jerseys were launched at a lavish ceremony at the Berlin Olympic Stadium in Berlin .
Australia_national_football_team	While the team was preparing for the World Cup , Socceroos player Tony Vidmar was ruled out after being diagnosed with a heart condition .
Australia_national_football_team	In all , the squad that won the qualification matches saw 5 changes in the lead-up the World Cup finals .
Australia_national_football_team	Joel Griffiths , Ahmad Elrich , Ljubo Milicevic , Tony Vidmar and Michael Thwaite were replaced by Joshua Kennedy , Mile Sterjovski , Michael Beauchamp , Craig Moore and Mark Milligan respectively .
Australia_national_football_team	As part of a national support effort for the Socceroos in Australia , the television network SBS ran a competition , `` Song for the Socceroos '' , in order to select a World Cup anthem for the Socceroos .
Australia_national_football_team	The winning song `` Green and Gold '' was announced on 16 May .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia won 1-0 thanks to a Josip Skoko volley early on in the match .
Australia_national_football_team	The match , at the 100,000 capacity Melbourne Cricket Ground , was sold out in only 2 hours , and was a great sendoff for Australia from home soil , despite the questionable quality of the Greek performance .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia played the Netherlands in a friendly match in Rotterdam on 4 June .
Australia_national_football_team	The Dutch , ranked # 3 in the world , went ahead in the 9th minute after goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer parried a Ruud van Nistelrooy shot , the Socceroos failed to clear the ball and van Nistelrooy scored with a follow-up strike .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia 's Tim Cahill equalised in the 53rd minute following a goal-line scramble after Mark Viduka hit the crossbar from a penalty kick .
Australia_national_football_team	The match ended in a 1-1 draw .
Australia_national_football_team	The only blemish was the dismissal of defender Luke Wilkshire in the 61st minute , after a wild challenge on Giovanni van Bronckhorst .
Australia_national_football_team	The next day , the Socceroos left for Germany .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia played a final pre-World Cup friendly against 123rd-ranked Liechtenstein on 7 June .
Australia_national_football_team	Defender Lucas Neill headed an own goal in the 8th minute , giving Liechtenstein the lead until Mile Sterjovski equalised in the 20th .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia struggled to gain a lead on their opponents until the final 15 minutes when a goal each from Joshua Kennedy and John Aloisi won Australia the game 3-1 .
Australia_national_football_team	Just days before Australia 's first World Cup match against Japan , it was reported in the west that the Japan Football Association chairman claimed the Socceroos were `` guilty of a lot of dirty fouls '' and that `` they target ankles in particular . ''
Australia_national_football_team	However , a further scrutiny of the original Japanese script reveals that there was a misinterpretation by the western media , possibly to spice up the competition .
Australia_national_football_team	While it is unclear who started this mistranslation , deliberately or otherwise , Saburo Kawabuchi of Japan Football Association later commented that this would not be the first or the last time mistranslation happens and should not be taken too seriously .
Australia_national_football_team	On 12 June , the Socceroos defeated Japan 3-1 in their opening game in Kaiserslautern , with Tim Cahill scoring two goals ( 84 ' , 89 ' ) and John Aloisi scoring one ( 92 + ' ) in the last eight minutes to claim their first World Cup finals victory .
Australia_national_football_team	An early controversial call by Egyptian referee Essam Abd El Fatah , that awarded a goal ( 26 ' ) to Shunsuke Nakamura , despite an apparent foul to Australian goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer , had the Australians playing catch-up until the last eight minutes .
Australia_national_football_team	Schwarzer and Viduka claimed that Abd El Fatah apologised over allowing Nakamura 's goal to stand after the incident , admitting he had made a mistake , although Abd El Fatah later denied making an apology and said that `` FIFA 's refereeing committee ... agreed unanimously that Japan 's goal against Australia was correct . ''
Australia_national_football_team	Both Cahill and Aloisi came in as substitutes in the second half of the game .
Australia_national_football_team	Also , no other team has scored three goals in the last seven minutes of a match in World Cup finals history .
Australia_national_football_team	On 18 June , hours before Australia 's second game against world champions Brazil , a British newspaper claimed that several Australian players had placed bets amongst themselves , which was said to be against FIFA regulations .
Australia_national_football_team	Tim Cahill admitted that teammates Lucas Neill and Archie Thompson bet that Cahill would score the first ever Australian goal at the World Cup .
Australia_national_football_team	Mark Viduka also said that the players were taking bets on who was going to be the first to score , and that goalkeeper Zeljko Kalac was the bookmaker .
Australia_national_football_team	FIFA have since cleared all players of any wrongdoing , by interpreting their regulations as referring to betting with professional bookmakers , rather than betting within a team .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia met Brazil in their second Group F game in Munich on 18 June .
Australia_national_football_team	The Australians held Brazil to a 0-0 half time scoreline before Adriano put Brazil in front ( 49 ' ) .
Australia_national_football_team	Brazil substitute Fred scored ( 90 ' ) with the help of substitute Robinho to give Brazil a 2-0 win , which saw the Brazilians go through to the second round .
Australia_national_football_team	A day later , following the Brazil game , Harry Kewell was in hot water after an altercation with the referee from the Brazil game .
Australia_national_football_team	FIFA announced that it would investigate the incident .
Australia_national_football_team	On 20 June , charges were dismissed against Kewell due to `` inconsistent reporting by match officials '' , allowing him to play the next game against Croatia .
Australia_national_football_team	On 22 June , Australia faced Croatia in Stuttgart .
Australia_national_football_team	The final score was 2-2 .
Australia_national_football_team	A goal from Darijo Srna in the second minute put Australia on the back foot .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia equalised with a penalty goal from Craig Moore ( 38 ' ) after Croatian defender Stjepan Tomas handballed near the Croatian goal .
Australia_national_football_team	Niko Kovac gave Croatia a 2-1 lead after halftime before Australia equalised again through Harry Kewell ( 79 ' ) in a moment described by SBS broadcast commentator Simon Hill as `` well , it just had to be Harry '' .
Australia_national_football_team	Kewell appeared to be offside for the goal , in a match riddled with errors .
Australia_national_football_team	The referee Graham Poll dismissed calls for a penalty in the 5th minute when Croatia 's Josip Šimunić appeared to wrestle striker Mark Viduka to the ground near goal .
Australia_national_football_team	Despite penalising Croatia for Stjepan Tomas ' handball in the 39th minute , he failed to penalize Tomas for exactly the same deed in the 75th minute , when Australia were trying to equalise again .
Australia_national_football_team	Towards the end of the match , Poll blew the final whistle at the moment that John Aloisi scored what would have been a winning goal , and then blew the final whistle again , before presenting Simunic with three yellow cards and then sending him off after the final whistle .
Australia_national_football_team	Here , Simunic is the world record holder for `` Most Yellow Cards in a Football Match . ''
Australia_national_football_team	Poll issued eight yellow cards resulting in three expulsions .
Australia_national_football_team	Brett Emerton was sent off for his second bookable offence ( although he was already suspended for the next match for receiving his second yellow card of the group stage earlier in the match ) .
Australia_national_football_team	The Daily Telegraph reported on 25 June that Graham Poll was dismissed from World Cup refereeing duties by FIFA , who claimed that his mistake was `` unacceptable '' .
Australia_national_football_team	As Brazil beat Japan 4-1 , Australia proceeded to the next round to face Italy .
Australia_national_football_team	On 26 June , Australia met Italy in Kaiserslautern .
Australia_national_football_team	Kewell was unavailable for the game , entering the stadium on crutches reportedly suffering from an attack of gout and infected blisters ( later diagnosed as septic arthritis ) .
Australia_national_football_team	The score at half-time was 0-0 .
Australia_national_football_team	Italy went down to 10 men due to the red card ( 51 ' ) given to Marco Materazzi for a two-footed tackle on Mark Bresciano .
Australia_national_football_team	Otherwise , six yellow cards were issued in total .
Australia_national_football_team	Almost three minutes into stoppage time , with the score still at 0-0 and Australia being pushed into their own half , a controversial penalty was awarded to Italy when Fabio Grosso fell under a Lucas Neill challenge in the final seconds of the match .
Australia_national_football_team	Francesco Totti scored from the spot ( 95 ' ) and the game ended immediately with Australia eliminated .
Australia_national_football_team	Coach Guus Hiddink officially ended his reign as the coach of the Socceroos following the 1-0 loss to Italy and took the managerial job with Russia .
Australia_national_football_team	Australian assistant coach Graham Arnold branded the penalty a `` joke '' , to the agreement of several Australian players , including Tim Cahill , who believed Grosso should have been cautioned for diving .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia , led by Graham Arnold , went to their first Asian Cup sending a strong squad which included 15 players from the World Cup team .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia was drawn in Group A alongside ( co-host ) Thailand , Oman and Iraq .
Australia_national_football_team	In their first match , Australia were only able to earn a 1-1 draw against a lower-ranked Oman team .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia played poorly , with Oman leading for most of the match after Badar Al-Maimani scored in the 32nd minute , but were once again saved by Tim Cahill who scored a late equaliser in the 92nd minute after coming on as a substitute in the second half .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia lost their second group match 3-1 to eventual Asian Cup winners Iraq , with Lucas Neill receiving a red card ( 90 ' ) , following two yellow cards .
Australia_national_football_team	Mark Viduka scored the lone goal for the Australians in the 47th minute of the match which at that point in the game was the equaliser but Iraq scored another two goals to win .
Australia_national_football_team	In the third match of the group stage , Australia defeated Thailand 4-0 with Mark Viduka scoring two goals , with Michael Beauchamp and Harry Kewell scoring one goal each .
Australia_national_football_team	The victory assured Australia 's progression to the quarter final stage of the tournament .
Australia_national_football_team	After drawing 1-1 with Japan after extra time , Australia exited the tournament on penalties at the quarter final stage .
Australia_national_football_team	The first two Australian penalty kicks were both unsuccessful by Harry Kewell and Lucas Neill with Australia eventually bowing out 4-3 to end their inaugural participation in Asia 's most prestigious football tournament .
Australia_national_football_team	In a friendly international at the MCG on 11 September 2007 , the Socceroos were defeated by Argentina one goal to nil .
Australia_national_football_team	The friendly was Graham Arnold 's last game as head coach .
Australia_national_football_team	It had been widely speculated that Dutchman Dick Advocaat would take over as Head Coach for the Socceroos 2010 World Cup Qualifiers by the end of 2007 but he backed out of a contract with the FFA to continue coaching Zenit Petersburg .
Australia_national_football_team	It has been reported that FFA is considering legal action against both person and club .
Australia_national_football_team	As a result the Socceroo 's head coach position was left open , with technical director Rob Baan the caretaker for a match against Nigeria at Loftus Road , London ( Australia winning 1-0 . )
Australia_national_football_team	The position was filled on 6 December 2007 when the FFA announced Pim Verbeek as the new head coach .
Australia_national_football_team	The Socceroos were seeded to enter the AFC qualification campaign in the third round alongside Iran , Saudi Arabia , South Korea and Japan .
Australia_national_football_team	They were drawn into a group composed of Qatar , Iraq and China with the media dubbing it the `` group of death '' .
Australia_national_football_team	Fixtures started in February 2008 , with a home match against Qatar at the Telstra Dome in Melbourne giving Australia a 3-0 victory .
Australia_national_football_team	This was Pim Verbeek 's first competitive match in charge of the Socceroos .
Australia_national_football_team	The majority of the Australian squad consisted of overseas , mainly European based , players after Pim Verbeek announced the local A-league was not yet up to World Cup standards .
Australia_national_football_team	A week after the match , Australia moved up to 38th on the FIFA World Rankings .
Australia_national_football_team	In the second group game , Australia drew 0-0 with China with Mark Schwarzer saving a penalty in the last few minutes .
Australia_national_football_team	In their 3rd out of 6 qualifiers on Sunday , 1 June , Australia beat Iraq at Suncorp Stadium , Brisbane , 1-0 , with a headed goal from Harry Kewell proving the difference between the two teams early in the 2nd half of play .
Australia_national_football_team	In the return match in Dubai , Iraq defeated Australia 1-0 through a wonder strike from Emad Mohammed .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia then defeated Qatar 3-1 on 14 June in Doha to progress to the fourth round of the AFC qualifiers .
Australia_national_football_team	Their final game in 3rd round qualifying ended in a 1-0 home defeat to China .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia was drawn alongside Japan , Bahrain , Qatar and Uzbekistan in the fourth round of Asian World Cup qualification , which commenced with a 1-0 victory over the Uzbeks in Tashkent on 10 September 2008 .
Australia_national_football_team	Scott Chipperfield 's run was unmarked and he comfortably headed in a Luke Wilkshire cross .
Australia_national_football_team	They then proceeded to beat Qatar 4-0 at Suncorp Stadium , Brisbane , to go top of the group , with goals scored by Tim Cahill and Josh Kennedy with Brett Emerton scoring a brace for the home side .
Australia_national_football_team	The game was delayed 30min ( and close to abandoned ) after a torrential rainstorm hit Brisbane Stadium prior to the match .
Australia_national_football_team	Their next match was against Bahrain on 19 November .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia managed a 1-0 victory despite a brilliant performance by the Bahrainis and a disappointing performance by Australia .
Australia_national_football_team	Both the Australian coach and players admitted they were lucky to take the points which came courtesy of a Marco Bresciano goal in the 93rd minute .
Australia_national_football_team	They dedicated the win to Craig Moore who missed the match following surgery for testicular cancer .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia remained top of the group with 10 points after 4 games following a 0-0 draw away against Japan .
Australia_national_football_team	The Socceroos were on the brink of qualifying after a convincing 2-0 win over Uzbekistan on 1 April in Sydney .
Australia_national_football_team	After a lacklustre first half , the Socceroos scored two goals with a Josh Kennedy header in the 66th minute and a Harry Kewell penalty in the 73rd minute after Richard Garcia was taken down in the penalty box .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia then secured their place in South Africa after holding Qatar 0-0 at Doha on 5 June .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia 's qualification was already assured before the final two games , both home fixtures .
Australia_national_football_team	In Sydney on Wednesday 10 June , goals to Mile Sterjovski and David Carney gave Australia a 2-0 victory over Bahrain .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia 's final qualification game ended with a 2-1 victory over Japan , Australia coming back from a goal in the 40th minute by Japan 's Marcus Tulio Tanaka with Tim Cahill 's equalising header in the 59th minute , and his winning goal 17 minutes later off a Nicky Carle corner .
Australia_national_football_team	This victory left Australia top of Group A ahead of Japan by 5 clear points .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia were drawn into Group D of the 2010 FIFA World Cup , featuring three-time world champion Germany , Ghana and Serbia .
Australia_national_football_team	Prior to leaving for South Africa , Australia played a warm-up game in Melbourne against New Zealand .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia played poorly with Vince Grella and Tim Cahill both performing dangerous tackles on Leo Bertos which could have earned red cards in competitive fixtures .
Australia_national_football_team	Despite trailing 1-0 at half-time , Australia managed to equalize through Dario Vidosic in the second half , with Brett Holman scoring the winner in injury time for a 2-1 victory .
Australia_national_football_team	In South Africa , Australia played another warm up game against Denmark in Johannesburg and won 1-0 , a single goal from towering striker Joshua Kennedy proving to be decisive .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia 's final warm up game before beginning their World Cup campaign was against United States with Australia suffering a 3-1 defeat and Tim Cahill scoring the only goal .
Australia_national_football_team	On 14 June 2010 , Australia faced Germany in Durban .
Australia_national_football_team	Pim Verbeek surprisingly chose to play without a recognized striker .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia were comprehensively defeated 4-0 , with goals by Podolski and Klose in the first half , followed by two more goals in the second half after Australia was reduced to ten men , due to Tim Cahill being sent off with a straight red card for a tackle from behind on Bastian Schweinsteiger .
Australia_national_football_team	Pim Verbeek was heavily criticised for his tactics , with chief SBS Football Analyst Craig Foster calling for his immediate sacking .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia 's second group match against Ghana resulted in a draw of 1-1 .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia shot its only goal early in the first half by Brett Holman after Ghana 's goalkeeper Richard Kingson fumbled the ball following a Mark Bresciano freekick .
Australia_national_football_team	Shortly after , a goal-bound strike from Ghana 's Jonathan Mensah was blocked on the goal line by Harry Kewell 's upper arm , resulting in a penalty kick and a straight red card for Kewell .
Australia_national_football_team	Ghanaian striker Asamoah Gyan scored the equalizing goal .
Australia_national_football_team	Despite the man advantage , Ghana were mostly limited to long-range shots on Australia 's goal , and some desperate defending from Australia saw the game finish a draw .
Australia_national_football_team	In their final group match against Serbia , Tim Cahill was back from suspension and scored via a header in the second half to allow Australia to go 1-0 up .
Australia_national_football_team	Only four minutes later , Brett Holman doubled the scoreline to 2-0 with an impressive long-range effort .
Australia_national_football_team	Late in the second half , Serbia managed to score a late goal through Marko Pantelić after Australian goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer fumbled the ball , and the game ended 2-1 .
Australia_national_football_team	Germany had defeated Ghana 1-0 , which meant that both Australia and Ghana finished on 4 points , but Ghana progressed to the knockout stage due to their superior goal difference .
Australia_national_football_team	Pim Verbeek completed his term as Australian coach at the end of the 2010 World Cup .
Australia_national_football_team	The Socceroos were drawn in Group B for the 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualifying stage along with Oman , Kuwait and Indonesia .
Australia_national_football_team	The top two teams from the group progressed to the finals in Qatar .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia progressed through to the 2011 finals in Qatar , topping Group B with 11 points with Kuwait coming in second with 8 points .
Australia_national_football_team	After qualifying for the 2011 AFC Asian Cup , Australia were drawn against Bahrain , India and South Korea in Group C. After defeating India 4-0 and drawing 1-1 with South Korea , the Socceroos went into the match against Bahrain needing only a point to progress .
Australia_national_football_team	The Socceroos won 1-0 and topped their group .
Australia_national_football_team	On 23 January , Australia edged Iraq , 1-0 , in the quarterfinal .
Australia_national_football_team	The match went into extra time with Harry Kewell heading in a goal in the 117th minute just inside the 18-yard box .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia went on to destroy Uzbekistan , 6-0 , in the semifinals to set up a final against Japan on 29 January , which they lost in extra time 1-0 , becoming runners-up .
Australia_national_football_team	After a number of promising games under new manager , Holger Osieck , including a highly successful 2011 Asian Cup campaign , preparations got underway for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification ( AFC ) .
Australia_national_football_team	The Asian qualifiers began in September and prior to these crucial encounters , FFA organised a number of friendlies against the All Whites , Serbia , Wales and Malaysia .
Australia_national_football_team	In March 2011 , the Socceroos scheduled a game against world footballing powerhouse , Germany in Mönchengladbach , and came out victorious defeating them 2-1 .
Australia_national_football_team	On 5 June Australia defeated New Zealand 3-0 in Adelaide .
Australia_national_football_team	Two days later they drew 0-0 with Serbia in Melbourne .
Australia_national_football_team	On 31 July , Australia got drawn in Group D along with Saudi Arabia , Oman and Thailand .
Australia_national_football_team	On 10 August , Australia played Wales in a friendly match in Cardiff , with Australia coming away victorious 2-1 .
Australia_national_football_team	Tim Cahill and Robbie Kruse scored the goals for Australia .
Australia_national_football_team	The Group stages started on 2 September .
Australia_national_football_team	The Socceroos did n't start well in their first game at Suncorp Stadium , Brisbane against Thailand and were lucky to eek out the three points after going down 1-0 courtesy of a Teerasil Dangda goal for Thailand .
Australia_national_football_team	Josh Kennedy and Alex Brousque canceled out Teerasil 's strike to give Australia a 2-1 win .
Australia_national_football_team	The Socceroos then traveled to Saudi Arabia the match was expected to be Australia 's toughest match in the group but the Socceroos put in a good performance and ran out 3-1 winners with Josh Kennedy netting twice and Luke Wilkshire converting from the penalty spot .
Australia_national_football_team	Before the third qualifying match , Australia played Asian minnows Malaysia in Canberra .
Australia_national_football_team	Given they were in the middle of an Asian qualifying tournament , coach Holger Osieck felt it was better for his team to play against an Asian opponent , instead of a European of South American team .
Australia_national_football_team	He felt they would get more benefit playing a quick tempo Asian style , as opposed to a stronger , more physical European style .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia won the match 5-0 .
Australia_national_football_team	Luke Wilkshire scored an early goal , before a double each to Josh Kennedy and Alex Brosque sealed a comfortable win .
Australia_national_football_team	While the match had its detractors , the hit-out proved necessary .
Australia_national_football_team	The next match against Oman was to be played in Sydney .
Australia_national_football_team	Josh Kennedy continued his fantastic goal scoring form with one goal , Mile Jedinak and Brett Holman contributed goals as the Socceroos ran out 3-0 victors .
Australia_national_football_team	The Socceroos then had to go to Muscat , Oman to play their 4th match in Group D. Many thought that Australia would ease past Oman due to Oman 's poor performance in the game in Sydney but Oman stunned Australia winning 1-0 in a tightly contested match in which Australia were disallowed a goal which many thought should have counted .
Australia_national_football_team	The Australian team then proceeded to defeat Thailand 1-0 at home which ensured that they will top the group and thus qualify for the next round of qualifying with 1 game to spare in the third round .
Australia_national_football_team	In their last game of the third round of 2014 Asian World Cup Qualification the Socceroos hosted Saudi Arabia at AAMI Park in Melbourne .
Australia_national_football_team	It was a dead rubber with the Socceroos already qualified for the fourth round so Holger Oseick fielded a number of returning fringe players such as : James Troisi , Mark Milligan , Jade North and Mark Bresciano .
Australia_national_football_team	The Saudis took the lead through Al Dawsari and were dominating when the Socceroos equalised through Alex Brosque but the Saudis took the lead into half time when Al Shamrani scored to give the Saudis a 2-1 lead .
Australia_national_football_team	Then the Socceroos came out stronger in the second half and a 3 goals in 3 minutes from Alex Brosque , Harry Kewell and Brett Emerton gave the Socceroos a 4-2 lead which they held to finish the game victors by 2 goals .
Australia_national_football_team	The AFC Asian Cup in 2015 will take place in Australia .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia have already qualified as hosts and runner-up of the 2011 series .
Australia_national_football_team	North Korea , Japan and South Korea have also qualified .
Australia_national_football_team	Australia joined AFC in 2006 .
Australia_national_football_team	The following table shows Australia 's all-time international record , correct as of 13 June 2012 .
Australia_national_football_team	Only `` A '' internationals are included .
Australia_national_football_team	A 26-man squad was named by Holger Osieck on 15 May 2012 for the international friendly against Denmark and the World Cup Qualifiers against Oman and Japan .
Australia_national_football_team	However , thirteen days later Adam Federici and Chris Herd withdrew due to injury , meaning the squad was reduced to 25 , with the pair being replaced by only Mitchell Langerak .
Australia_national_football_team	Caps and goals as of 8 June 2012 including the game against Oman .
Australia_national_football_team	The following players have also been called up to the Australia squad within the last twelve months .
Australia_national_football_team	Caps and goals as of 29 February 2012 .
Australia_national_football_team	One obstacle for potential Australian soccer players is that some promising players choose other nations .
Australia_national_football_team	As many Australians have roots in other countries throughout the world , they are eligible to play for non-Australian national teams .
Australia_national_football_team	The following is a list of Australian-born players who chose other national teams : The following players were\/or are currently playing for other youth national teams , yet were either born or lived a considerable amount of their youth in Australia but are still eligible to play for\/or have represented Australia at any level : Ersan Gülüm - Turkey .
Australia_national_football_team	Dean Bouzanis - Greece U-19 .
Australia_national_football_team	Tim Cahill - Samoa U-17 .
Australia_national_football_team	Alex Cisak - Poland U-19 .
Australia_national_football_team	Daniel Georgievski - Macedonia U-19 and U-21 .
Australia_national_football_team	Apostolos Giannou - Greece U-19 and U-21 .
Australia_national_football_team	Andreas Govas - Greece U-19 .
Australia_national_football_team	Bradden Inman - Scotland U-19 .
Australia_national_football_team	Shane Lowry - Republic of Ireland U-17 and U-21 .
Australia_national_football_team	Jamie McMaster - England U-21 .
Australia_national_football_team	Kyle Nix - England U-19 .
Australia_national_football_team	Richard Porta - Uruguay U-20 .
Australia_national_football_team	Aleks Vrteski - Macedonia U-21 .
Australia_national_football_team	Rhys Williams - Wales U-21 .
Australia_national_football_team	The following players , not born in Australia but eligible to play for Australia , chose other national teams : Trans-Tasman Cup .
Australia_national_football_team	1986 , 1988 , 1991 , 1995 , 2001 .
Australia_national_football_team	AFC Men 's Team of the Year .
Australia_national_football_team	2006 .
Australia_national_football_team	Unofficial Football World Championship : 1992 .
Australia_national_football_team	Virtual World Championship : 2001 .
Australia_national_football_team	Nasazzi 's Baton : 2001 .
Andrew_Huxley	Sir Andrew Fielding Huxley , OM , FRS ( 22 November 1917 - 30 May 2012 ) was a Nobel Prize-winning English physiologist and biophysicist .
Andrew_Huxley	Huxley was born in Hampstead , London , England on November 22 , 1917 , he was the youngest son of the writer and editor Leonard Huxley by his second wife Rosalind Bruce , and hence half-brother of the writer Aldous Huxley and fellow biologist Julian Huxley , and grandson of the biologist T. H. Huxley .
Andrew_Huxley	He was educated at Westminster School in Central London , where he was a King 's Scholar , before going to study Natural Sciences at Trinity College , Cambridge .
Andrew_Huxley	In 1947 he married Jocelyn Richenda Gammell ( Chenda ) Pease ( 1925-2003 ) , the daughter of the geneticist Michael Pease and his wife Helen Bowen Wedgwood , a daughter of the first Lord Wedgwood , and is thus affiliated with the Darwin-Wedgwood family .
Andrew_Huxley	Lady Huxley had notable connections to scientific dynasties and Fabian socialism .
Andrew_Huxley	She was sister of Rendel Sebastian `` Bas '' Pease , and a niece of the anthropological Camilla Wedgwood , as well as daughter of a geneticist .
Andrew_Huxley	They have one son and five daughters : Janet Rachel Huxley ( born 20 April 1948 ) Stewart Leonard Huxley ( born 19 December 1949 ) Camilla Rosalind Huxley ( born 12 March 1952 ) Eleanor Bruce Huxley ( born 21 February 1959 ) Henrietta Catherine Huxley ( born 25 December 1960 ) Clare Marjory Pease Huxley ( born 4 November 1962 ) He won the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his experimental and mathematical work with Alan Hodgkin on the basis of nerve action potentials , the electrical impulses that enable the activity of an organism to be coordinated by a central nervous system .
Andrew_Huxley	Hodgkin and Huxley shared the prize that year with John Eccles , who was cited for research on synapses .
Andrew_Huxley	Hodgkin and Huxley 's findings led the pair to hypothesize the existence of ion channels , which were isolated only decades later .
Andrew_Huxley	Together with the Swiss physiologist Robert Stämpfli he evidenced the existence of saltatory conduction in myelinated nerve fibers .
Andrew_Huxley	Huxley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on 17 March 1955 .
Andrew_Huxley	He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II on 12 November 1974 .
Andrew_Huxley	Sir Andrew was then appointed to the Order of Merit on 11 November 1983 .
Andrew_Huxley	The experimental measurements on which the pair based their action potential theory represent one of the earliest applications of a technique of electrophysiology known as the voltage clamp .
Andrew_Huxley	The second critical element of their research used the giant axon of the Atlantic squid ( Loligo pealei ) , which enabled them to record ionic currents as they would not have been able to do in almost any other neuron , such cells being too small to study by the techniques of the time .
Andrew_Huxley	The experiments started at the University of Cambridge , beginning in 1935 with frog sciatic nerve , and soon after they continued their work using squid giant axons at the Marine Biological Association Laboratory in Plymouth .
Andrew_Huxley	In 1939 , reporting work done in Plymouth , Alan Hodgkin and Andrew Huxley published a short paper in the journal Nature announcing their achievement of recording action potentials from inside a nerve fiber .
Andrew_Huxley	Research was interrupted by World War II but after resuming their experimental work in Plymouth , the pair published their theory in 1952 .
Andrew_Huxley	In the paper , they describe one of the earliest computational models in biochemistry , that is the basis of most of the models used in Neurobiology during the following four decades .
Andrew_Huxley	He continued to hold college and university posts in Cambridge until 1960 , when he became head of the Department of Physiology at University College London .
Andrew_Huxley	For his research , in 1963 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
Andrew_Huxley	In 1969 he was appointed to a Royal Society Research Professorship which he holds in the Department of Physiology at University College London .
Andrew_Huxley	He maintained up to his death his position as a fellow at Trinity College , Cambridge , teaching in physiology , natural sciences and medicine .
Andrew_Huxley	He was also a fellow of Imperial College London in 1980 .
Andrew_Huxley	From his experimental work with Hodgkin , Huxley developed a set of differential equations that provided a mathematical explanation for nerve impulses-the `` action potential '' .
Andrew_Huxley	This work provided the foundation for the all of the current work on voltage-sensitive membrane channels , which are responsible for the functioning of animal nervous systems .
Andrew_Huxley	Quite separately , he developed the mathematical equations for the operation of myosin `` cross-bridges '' that generate the sliding forces between actin and myosin filaments , which cause the contraction of skeletal muscles .
Andrew_Huxley	These equations presented an entirely new paradigm for understanding muscle contraction , which has been extended to provide our understanding of almost all of the movements produced by cells above the level of bacteria .
Andrew_Huxley	Huxley died in 2012 in his home of Grantchester , Cambridgeshire , England from unknown causes .
Andrew_Huxley	He was survived by his six children , grandchildren , and great-grandchildren .
Andrew_Huxley	His wife Richenda , Lady Huxley died in 2003 .
Andrew_Huxley	A memorial service was held in Trinity College , Cambridge , and the physiologist was buried on the grounds of the college 's campus .
Alphonse_Mucha	Alfons Maria Mucha ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈalfons ˈmuxa ) ( listen ) ; 24 July 1860 - 14 July 1939 ) , known in English as Alphonse Mucha , was a Czech Art Nouveau painter and decorative artist , known best for his distinct style .
Alphonse_Mucha	He produced many paintings , illustrations , advertisements , postcards , and designs .
Alphonse_Mucha	Alphonse Maria Mucha was born in the town of Ivančice , Moravia ( the present Czech Republic ) .
Alphonse_Mucha	Although his singing abilities allowed him to continue his education through high school in the Moravian capital of Brno , drawing had been his main hobby since childhood .
Alphonse_Mucha	He worked at decorative painting jobs in Moravia , mostly painting theatrical scenery .
Alphonse_Mucha	In 1879 , he relocated to Vienna to work for a major Viennese theatrical design company , while informally augmenting his artistic education .
Alphonse_Mucha	When a fire destroyed his employer 's business during 1881 he returned to Moravia , to do freelance decorative and portrait painting .
Alphonse_Mucha	Count Karl Khuen of Mikulov hired Mucha to decorate Hrušovany Emmahof Castle with murals , and was impressed enough that he agreed to sponsor Mucha 's formal training at the Munich Academy of Fine Arts .
Alphonse_Mucha	Mucha moved to Paris in 1887 , and continued his studies at Académie Julian and Académie Colarossi .
Alphonse_Mucha	In addition to his studies , he worked at producing magazine and advertising illustrations .
Alphonse_Mucha	About Christmas 1894 , Mucha happened to go into a print shop where there was a sudden and unexpected need for a new advertising poster for a play featuring Sarah Bernhardt , the most famous actress in Paris , at the Théâtre de la Renaissance on the Boulevard Saint-Martin .
Alphonse_Mucha	Mucha volunteered to produce a lithographed poster within two weeks , and on 1 January 1895 , the advertisement for the play Gismonda by Victorien Sardou was posted in the city , where it attracted much attention .
Alphonse_Mucha	Bernhardt was so satisfied with the success of this first poster that she began a six-year contract with Mucha .
Alphonse_Mucha	Mucha produced a flurry of paintings , posters , advertisements , and book illustrations , as well as designs for jewelry , carpets , wallpaper , and theater sets in what was termed initially the Mucha Style but became known as Art Nouveau ( French for ` new art ' ) .
Alphonse_Mucha	Mucha 's works frequently featured beautiful young women in flowing , vaguely Neoclassical-looking robes , often surrounded by lush flowers which sometimes formed halos behind their heads .
Alphonse_Mucha	In contrast with contemporary poster makers he used pale pastel colors .
Alphonse_Mucha	The 1900 Universal Exhibition in Paris spread the `` Mucha style '' internationally , of which Mucha said `` I think ( the Exposition Universelle ) made some contribution toward bringing aesthetic values into arts and crafts . ''
Alphonse_Mucha	He decorated the Bosnia and Herzegovina Pavilion and collaborated with decorating the Austrian Pavilion .
Alphonse_Mucha	His Art Nouveau style was often imitated .
Alphonse_Mucha	The Art Nouveau style however , was one that Mucha attempted to disassociate himself from throughout his life ; he always insisted that rather than maintaining any fashionable stylistic form , his paintings were entirely a product of himself and Czech art .
Alphonse_Mucha	He declared that art existed only to communicate a spiritual message , and nothing more ; hence his frustration at the fame he gained by his commercial art , when he most wanted to concentrate on more artistic projects .
Alphonse_Mucha	Mucha married Maruška ( Marie\/Maria ) Chytilová on 10 June 1906 , in Prague .
Alphonse_Mucha	The couple visited the U.S. from 1906 to 1910 , during which time their daughter , Jaroslava , was born in New York City .
Alphonse_Mucha	They also had a son , Jiří , ( born 12 March 1915 in Prague ; died 5 April 1991 in Prague ) who later became a well known journalist , writer , screenwriter , author of autobiographical novels and studies of the works of his father .
Alphonse_Mucha	In the U.S. , Alphonse expected to earn money to fund his nationalistic projects to demonstrate to Czechs that he had not `` sold out '' .
Alphonse_Mucha	He was assisted by millionaire Charles R. Crane , who used his fortune to help promote revolutions and , after meeting Thomas Masaryk , Slavic nationalism .
Alphonse_Mucha	Alphonse and his family returned to the Czech lands and settled in Prague , where he decorated the Theater of Fine Arts , contributed his time and talent to create the murals in the Mayor 's Office at the Municipal House , and other landmarks around the city .
Alphonse_Mucha	When Czechoslovakia won its independence after World War I , Mucha designed the new postage stamps , banknotes , and other government documents for the new state .
Alphonse_Mucha	Mucha considered his publication Le Pater to be his printed masterpiece , and referred to it in The Sun of 5 January 1900 as what he had `` put ( his ) soul into '' .
Alphonse_Mucha	Printed on 20 December 1899 , Le Pater was Mucha 's occult examination of the themes of The Lord 's Prayer and only 510 copies were produced .
Alphonse_Mucha	Mucha spent many years working on what he considered his life 's fine art masterpiece , The Slav Epic ( Slovanská epopej ) , a series of twenty huge paintings depicting the history of the Czech and the Slavic people in general , bestowed to the city of Prague in 1928 .
Alphonse_Mucha	He had wanted to complete a series such as this , a celebration of Slavic history , since he was young .
Alphonse_Mucha	Since 1963 the series has been on display in the chateau in Moravský Krumlov the South Moravian Region in the Czech Republic .
Alphonse_Mucha	The rising tide of fascism during the late 1930s resulted in Mucha 's works , as well as his Slavic nationalism , being denounced in the press as ` reactionary ' .
Alphonse_Mucha	When German troops moved into Czechoslovakia during the spring of 1939 , Mucha was among the first persons to be arrested by the Gestapo .
Alphonse_Mucha	During his interrogation , the aging artist became ill with pneumonia .
Alphonse_Mucha	Though released eventually , he may have been weakened by this event .
Alphonse_Mucha	He died in Prague on 14 July 1939 , due to lung infection , and was interred there in the Vyšehrad cemetery .
